join_so_nsubj Vinken 
join_so_dobj board 
makes_so_nsubj that 
makes_so_dobj cigarettes 
appear_s_nsubj results 
talking_s_nsubj We 
is_s_nsubj asbestos 
studied_so_nsubj who 
studied_so_dobj workers 
led_so_nsubj Talcott 
led_so_dobj team 
worked_s_nsubj who 
have_so_nsubj Four 
have_so_dobj diseases 
study_so_nsubj who 
study_so_dobj diseases 
have_so_nsubj that 
have_so_dobj standard 
imposed_so_nsubj Agency 
imposed_so_dobj ban 
made_so_nsubj that 
made_so_dobj paper 
dumped_so_nsubj Workers 
dumped_so_dobj sacks 
mixed_o_dobj fibers 
described_so_nsubj Workers 
described_so_dobj clouds 
hung_s_nsubj that 
has_so_nsubj It 
has_so_dobj bearing 
eased_so_nsubj yield 
eased_so_dobj fraction 
assume_so_nsubj yields 
assume_so_dobj reinvestment 
lengthened_s_nsubj maturity 
reached_so_nsubj maturity 
reached_so_dobj point 
said_s_nsubj Negus 
blip_s_nsubj yields 
rose_s_nsubj yield 
grew_s_nsubj Assets 
beat_so_nsubj yields 
beat_so_dobj investments 
yielding_so_nsubj funds 
yielding_so_dobj % 
had_so_nsubj Dollar 
had_so_dobj yield 
invests_s_nsubj It 
fell_s_nsubj yield 
slid_s_nsubj yield 
holds_so_nsubj which 
holds_so_dobj interest 
succeeds_so_nsubj He 
succeeds_so_dobj Daniels 
resigned_s_nsubj who 
holds_so_nsubj Grace 
holds_so_dobj three 
complete_o_dobj transaction 
makes_so_nsubj Controls 
makes_so_dobj systems 
employs_so_nsubj It 
employs_so_dobj people 
has_o_dobj revenue 
suspended_so_nsubj government 
suspended_so_dobj sales 
dropped_s_nsubj authority 
oversee_so_nsubj he 
oversee_so_dobj parts 
settled_s_nsubj Association 
were_s_nsubj officials 
joined_so_nsubj executives 
joined_so_dobj III 
followed_s_nsubj Champagne 
make_so_nsubj governor 
make_so_dobj it 
welcomed_so_nsubj governor 
welcomed_so_dobj guests 
drooled_s_nsubj executives 
fed_soo_nsubj nine 
fed_soo_iobj them 
fed_soo_dobj mousseline 
Knowing_o_dobj meal 
eat_so_nsubj they 
eat_so_dobj one 
gave_soo_nsubj executives 
gave_soo_iobj chefs 
gave_soo_dobj ovation 
looking_s_nsubj they 
registered_so_nsubj Korea 
registered_so_dobj deficit 
reflecting_o_dobj sluggishness 
showed_so_nsubj tallies 
showed_so_dobj deficit 
casting_o_dobj cloud 
stood_s_nsubj Exports 
began_s_nsubj which 
stopped_s_nsubj boom 
increased_so_nsubj exports 
increased_so_dobj % 
announced_so_nsubj Newsweek 
announced_so_dobj rates 
give_soo_nsubj that 
give_soo_iobj advertisers 
give_soo_dobj discounts 
underscore_o_dobj competition 
cost_so_nsubj page 
cost_so_dobj 100,980 
lowered_so_nsubj magazine 
lowered_so_dobj base 
costs_so_nsubj page 
costs_so_dobj $ 
awards_so_nsubj which 
awards_so_dobj credits 
reward_so_nsubj magazine 
reward_so_dobj advertisers 
meet_so_nsubj who 
meet_so_dobj spending 
totaled_so_nsubj pages 
totaled_so_dobj 1,620 
matters_ss_nsubj What 
matters_ss_csubj matters 
doing_s_nsubj we 
gaining_so_nsubj Newsweek 
gaining_so_dobj circulation 
recorded_so_nsubj none 
recorded_so_dobj gains 
had_so_nsubj Time 
had_so_dobj circulation 
leaves_so_nsubj move 
leaves_so_dobj Co. 
values_so_nsubj PS 
values_so_dobj plan 
seemed_s_nsubj rewards 
attracts_so_nsubj That 
attracts_so_dobj attention 
led_s_nsubj that 
seeking_o_dobj approval 
closed_s_nsubj shares 
succeed_so_nsubj They 
succeed_so_dobj Rexinger 
appealing_o_dobj order 
reported_so_nsubj Edison 
reported_so_dobj earnings 
closed_s_nsubj Edison 
upheld_so_nsubj courts 
upheld_so_dobj challenge 
refund_o_dobj expenses 
collecting_s_nsubj utility 
added_so_nsubj Curry 
added_so_dobj $ 
set_so_nsubj Curry 
set_so_dobj rate 
faces_so_nsubj Edison 
faces_so_dobj refund 
involving_o_dobj plant 
seeking_so_nsubj Edison 
seeking_so_dobj $ 
followed_so_nsubj growth 
followed_so_dobj increases 
setting_soo_nsubj sales 
setting_soo_iobj records 
setting_soo_dobj month 
inched_s_nsubj sales 
grew_so_nsubj Sales 
grew_so_dobj % 
benefited_s_nsubj which 
doubled_s_nsubj Sales 
produce_so_nsubj plant 
produce_so_dobj devices 
tied_s_nsubjpass development 
is_s_nsubj sheet 
providing_so_nsubj it 
providing_so_dobj firm 
heads_s_nsubj he 
announced_so_nsubj Research 
announced_so_dobj spinoff 
attached_s_nsubj it 
include_so_nsubj that 
include_so_dobj Seymour 
do_s_nsubj you 
include_so_nsubj factors 
include_so_dobj technology 
describe_so_nsubj documents 
describe_so_dobj chips 
contain_so_nsubj Cray-3 
contain_so_dobj processors 
face_so_nsubj Computer 
face_so_dobj competition 
has_so_nsubj which 
has_so_dobj % 
compete_s_nsubj spinoff 
own_s_nsubj they 
calculate_so_nsubj Analysts 
calculate_so_dobj value 
transferring_so_nsubj Research 
transferring_so_dobj $ 
show_s_nsubj sheets 
favored_so_nsubj Research 
favored_so_dobj spinoff 
posted_s_nsubj it 
work_s_nsubj Cray 
had_s_nsubj he 
includes_so_nsubj management 
includes_so_dobj Davenport 
came_s_nsubj All 
employs_so_nsubj which 
employs_so_dobj people 
claiming_o_dobj success 
removed_so_nsubj U.S. 
removed_so_dobj Korea 
watching_s_nsubj it 
face_so_nsubj countries 
face_so_dobj investigations 
placed_os_dobj that 
placed_os_nsubj she 
marketing_o_dobj products 
lauded_so_nsubj Hills 
lauded_so_dobj Korea 
amending_o_dobj law 
introducing_o_dobj legislation 
remain_s_nsubj They 
includes_so_nsubj that 
includes_so_dobj countries 
protecting_os_dobj property 
protecting_os_csubj protecting 
tells_osos_dobj What 
tells_osos_nsubj this 
tells_osos_dobj us 
tells_osos_csubj tells 
met_s_nsubj Rapanelli 
took_so_nsubj who 
took_so_dobj office 
report_so_nsubj Journal 
report_so_dobj events 
stand_s_nsubj that 
CHANGED_so_nsubj THAT 
CHANGED_so_dobj face 
came_s_nsubj II 
stored_o_dobj data 
had_so_nsubj PCs 
had_so_dobj keyboards 
store_o_dobj pages 
have_o_dobj capacity 
were_s_nsubj contributors 
developed_so_nsubj Gates 
developed_so_dobj system 
led_so_nsubj Shugart 
led_so_dobj team 
developed_so_nsubj that 
developed_so_dobj drives 
offer_so_nsubj IBM 
offer_so_dobj PC 
total_so_nsubj shipments 
total_so_dobj $ 
sells_so_nsubj that 
sells_so_dobj products 
has_o_dobj agreement 
gives_soo_nsubj stake 
gives_soo_iobj Faulding 
gives_soo_dobj right 
operate_so_nsubj Ltd. 
operate_so_dobj fields 
has_so_nsubj field 
has_so_dobj reserves 
total_so_nsubj Reserves 
total_so_dobj barrels 
came_s_nsubj action 
totaled_soo_nsubj Imports 
totaled_soo_dobj $ 
totaled_soo_dobj share 
curb_o_dobj spending 
succeed_so_nsubj Akerfeldt 
succeed_so_dobj McAlpine 
cut_so_nsubj Magna 
cut_so_dobj dividend 
wallowing_s_nsubj shares 
closed_s_nsubj shares 
resigned_s_nsubj Stronach 
totaling_o_dobj $ 
went_s_nsubj rest 
offering_o_dobj return 
offer_so_nsubj funds 
offer_so_dobj advantages 
channel_so_nsubj they 
channel_so_dobj payments 
reducing_o_dobj burden 
said_s_nsubj Maxwell 
growing_s_nsubj purchases 
buying_o_dobj $ 
has_so_nsubj company 
has_so_dobj right 
operating_s_nsubj company 
giving_oo_iobj it 
giving_oo_dobj protection 
began_so_nsubj S.p.A. 
began_so_dobj offer 
owns_so_nsubj Montedison 
owns_so_dobj % 
marks_so_nsubj total 
marks_so_dobj decline 
reflects_so_nsubj downturn 
reflects_so_dobj intensity 
surged_s_nsubj currency 
follows_so_nsubj announcement 
follows_so_dobj decline 
Pick_o_dobj country 
sweeping_o_dobj Street 
invest_s_nsubj that 
mirrors_so_nsubj explosion 
mirrors_so_dobj mania 
says_s_nsubj Foot 
fell_s_nsubj They 
issuing_o_dobj number 
trade_s_nsubj that 
brings_so_nsubj surge 
brings_so_dobj number 
are_s_nsubj that 
account_s_nsubj funds 
says_s_nsubj Porter 
is_s_nsubj competition 
stretching_so_nsubj firms 
stretching_so_dobj nets 
urge_so_nsubj planners 
urge_so_dobj investors 
offer_so_nsubj funds 
offer_so_dobj way 
take_so_nsubj it 
take_so_dobj much 
whipsaw_so_nsubj gyrations 
whipsaw_so_dobj funds 
dropped_so_nsubj market 
dropped_so_dobj % 
plunged_so_nsubj Fund 
plunged_so_dobj % 
fell_so_nsubj Fund 
fell_so_dobj % 
trade_s_nsubj funds 
hold_s_nsubj they 
paying_o_dobj premium 
invest_s_nsubj that 
seeking_o_dobj exposure 
represent_so_nsubj ADRs 
represent_so_dobj shares 
buy_sso_nsubj way 
buy_sso_nsubj investors 
buy_sso_dobj funds 
insist_s_nsubj who 
have_s_nsubj I 
come_s_nsubj who 
clear_so_nsubj it 
clear_so_dobj way 
belongs_s_nsubj U.S.S.R. 
stressed_so_nsubj Department 
stressed_so_dobj debts 
face_so_nsubj Soviets 
face_so_dobj obstacles 
inched_s_nsubj index 
was_s_nsubj spending 
was_s_nsubj activity 
draw_so_nsubj I 
draw_so_dobj blank 
growing_s_nsubj sector 
fell_s_nsubj payrolls 
did_s_nsubj index 
cite_so_nsubj They 
cite_so_dobj lack 
provide_so_nsubj that 
provide_so_dobj signals 
lead_s_nsubj that 
had_so_nsubj report 
had_so_dobj news 
see_so_nsubj I 
see_so_dobj signs 
eases_so_nsubj that 
eases_so_dobj inflation 
climbing_oo_iobj % 
climbing_oo_dobj month 
fell_so_nsubj shipments 
fell_so_dobj % 
rose_so_nsubj backlogs 
rose_so_dobj % 
declined_so_nsubj backlogs 
declined_so_dobj % 
accounts_s_nsubj which 
rose_so_nsubj spending 
rose_so_dobj % 
ran_s_nsubj spending 
contrast_s_nsubj figures 
reported_so_nsubj Dodge 
reported_so_dobj increase 
counts_so_nsubj goverment 
counts_so_dobj money 
counts_so_nsubj Dodge 
counts_so_dobj contracts 
includes_so_nsubj government 
includes_so_dobj money 
does_s_nsubj Dodge 
offered_so_nsubj report 
offered_so_dobj evidence 
reported_so_nsubj % 
reported_so_dobj orders 
added_so_nsubj report 
added_so_dobj evidence 
purchased_s_nsubj they 
lengthen_s_nsubj times 
gauges_so_nsubj Each 
gauges_so_dobj difference 
reporting_o_dobj improvement 
reporting_o_dobj worsening 
polled_so_nsubj survey 
polled_so_dobj members 
import_s_nsubj who 
numbered_so_nsubj Items 
numbered_so_dobj dozen 
included_so_nsubj they 
included_so_dobj newcomer 
blamed_so_nsubj They 
blamed_so_dobj demand 
contributed_s_nsubj Sebastian 
are_s_nsubj figures 
are_s_nsubj figures 
have_so_nsubj boomers 
have_so_dobj lot 
drink_so_nsubj Characters 
drink_so_dobj Dogs 
whistle_o_dobj Goode 
watch_o_dobj reruns 
read_so_nsubj They 
read_so_dobj Spillane 
worry_s_nsubj They 
come_s_nsubj part 
belong_s_nsubj who 
perpetuate_so_nsubj who 
perpetuate_so_dobj notion 
has_so_nsubj He 
has_so_dobj girlfriend 
mark_so_nsubj retorts 
mark_so_dobj her 
meets_so_nsubj he 
meets_so_dobj chauffeur 
offers_soo_nsubj who 
offers_soo_iobj hero 
offers_soo_dobj number 
wears_so_nsubj who 
wears_so_dobj sheepskin 
dominating_so_nsubj who 
dominating_so_dobj charts 
carry_o_dobj dashes 
give_so_nsubj Beatles 
give_so_dobj way 
have_so_nsubj ballplayers 
have_so_dobj miles 
named_so_nsubj Polls 
named_so_dobj Hara 
return_so_nsubj Fans 
return_so_dobj balls 
expands_s_nsubj zone 
abide_s_nsubj players 
wear_so_nsubj players 
wear_so_dobj ties 
hosted_os_dobj whom 
hosted_os_nsubj Sony 
frustrating_s_nsubj All 
went_s_nsubj who 
took_so_nsubj Sony 
took_so_dobj lesson 
fired_o_dobj Katzenstein 
took_so_nsubj meeting 
took_so_dobj place 
learned_so_nsubj Katzenstein 
learned_so_dobj something 
worked_s_nsubj Kirkpatrick 
face_o_dobj fine 
bans_so_nsubj Singapore 
bans_so_dobj smoking 
launched_so_nsubj Sulaiman 
launched_so_dobj Week 
has_so_nsubj Korea 
has_so_dobj concerns 
advertising_o_dobj cigarettes 
restricts_o_dobj advertising 
include_so_nsubj which 
include_so_dobj U.S. 
endorsed_so_nsubj cabinet 
endorsed_so_dobj proposal 
balked_s_nsubj government 
renewed_o_dobj application 
name_os_dobj whom 
name_os_nsubj it 
increased_so_nsubj government 
increased_so_dobj charges 
doubled_o_dobj prices 
announced_so_nsubj Korea 
announced_so_dobj $ 
terminated_so_nsubj parliament 
terminated_so_dobj dam 
set_so_nsubj painting 
set_so_dobj record 
sold_s_nsubj it 
expire_s_nsubj warrants 
shot_so_nsubj Lane 
shot_so_dobj Time 
takes_so_nsubj Much 
takes_so_dobj view 
jostle_s_nsubj they 
selling_o_dobj copies 
has_so_nsubj Artist 
has_so_dobj routine 
returns_s_nsubj he 
gives_soo_nsubj She 
gives_soo_iobj Artist 
gives_soo_dobj sense 
alerts_o_dobj him 
owns_so_nsubj who 
owns_so_dobj shop 
lives_s_nsubj who 
resonate_s_nsubj line 
has_so_nsubj He 
has_so_dobj point 
makes_so_nsubj he 
makes_so_dobj it 
ends_s_nsubj movie 
is_s_nsubj anything 
carries_so_nsubj woman 
carries_so_dobj significance 
needed_so_nsubj officials 
needed_so_dobj traitor 
killed_o_dobj client 
brought_so_nsubj she 
brought_so_dobj lover 
is_s_nsubj little 
mention_so_nsubj I 
mention_so_dobj picture 
has_so_nsubj one 
has_so_dobj Peck 
take_o_dobj look 
build_so_nsubj companies 
build_so_dobj sections 
hit_so_nsubj plane 
hit_so_dobj market 
raising_o_dobj fears 
says_s_nsubj Napolitan 
started_s_nsubj that 
says_s_nsubj Bailey 
Take_o_dobj look 
set_so_nsubj that 
set_so_dobj tone 
fills_s_nsubj screen 
gets_s_nsubj commercial 
charges_s_nsubj ad 
hid_o_dobj links 
paid_o_dobj kidnapper 
says_s_nsubj kicker 
wait_s_nsubj he 
says_s_nsubj Siegal 
exist_s_nsubj that 
unleashed_so_nsubj consultants 
unleashed_so_dobj ad 
shows_so_nsubj screen 
shows_so_dobj photos 
says_s_nsubj kicker 
telling_so_nsubj Who 
telling_so_dobj truth 
says_s_nsubj Dinkins 
paid_s_nsubj campaign 
say_s_nsubj managers 
have_so_nsubj he 
have_so_dobj office 
have_so_nsubj organization 
have_so_dobj members 
argues_s_nsubj he 
opened_so_nsubj Wilder 
opened_so_dobj battle 
talks_s_nsubj announcer 
give_o_dobj it 
denies_s_nsubj Coleman 
changed_so_nsubj commercial 
changed_so_dobj dynamics 
transforming_o_dobj it 
featured_so_nsubj counterattack 
featured_so_dobj close-up 
says_s_nsubj voice 
have_so_nsubj you 
have_so_dobj boyfriends 
introduced_so_nsubj who 
introduced_so_dobj bill 
talks_s_nsubj Wilder 
ask_so_nsubj time 
ask_so_dobj him 
introduce_so_nsubj Wilder 
introduce_so_dobj legislation 
did_so_nsubj he 
did_so_dobj technique 
introduced_so_nsubj Wilder 
introduced_so_dobj bill 
lasted_so_nsubj truce 
lasted_so_dobj hours 
carrying_so_nsubj stations 
carrying_so_dobj ads 
raising_so_nsubj Coleman 
raising_so_dobj questions 
began_s_nsubj attacks 
aired_so_nsubj Florio 
aired_so_dobj ad 
featuring_o_dobj drawing 
Consider_o_dobj Courter 
gets_s_nsubj commercial 
swim_s_nsubj Pictures 
purrs_s_nsubj voice 
suing_s_nsubj neighbors 
grows_s_nsubj nose 
cry_s_nsubj partisans 
fills_s_nsubj screen 
lying_s_nsubj Florio 
caused_o_dobj pollution 
shrinks_s_nsubj nose 
telling_o_dobj truth 
is_s_nsubj evidence 
devastating_s_nsubj ad 
building_s_nsubj it 
propelling_so_nsubj investment 
propelling_so_dobj region 
sparking_so_nsubj power 
sparking_so_dobj fears 
posing_o_dobj questions 
approved_soo_nsubj Board 
approved_soo_dobj $ 
approved_soo_dobj figure 
includes_so_nsubj commitment 
includes_so_dobj increases 
following_so_nsubj countries 
following_so_dobj lead 
pumping_o_dobj capital 
contributing_s_nsubj nations 
provide_so_nsubj investment 
provide_so_dobj jobs 
spur_o_dobj growth 
say_s_nsubj analysts 
concentrated_s_nsubj manufacturers 
turn_so_nsubj companies 
turn_so_dobj themselves 
say_s_nsubj analysts 
make_so_nsubj company 
make_so_dobj tubes 
assemble_o_dobj sets 
export_o_dobj them 
meet_s_nsubj ministers 
include_so_nsubj Participants 
include_so_dobj U.S. 
offered_sso_nsubj U.S. 
offered_sso_nsubj year 
offered_sso_dobj plan 
reasserts_so_nsubj proposal 
reasserts_so_dobj intention 
play_so_nsubj U.S. 
play_so_dobj role 
maintaining_os_dobj influence 
maintaining_os_csubj maintaining 
outstrips_so_nsubj Japan 
outstrips_so_dobj U.S. 
outranks_o_dobj it 
pumping_so_nsubj government 
pumping_so_dobj assistance 
convey_so_nsubj they 
convey_so_dobj undertone 
regard_so_nsubj Asians 
regard_so_dobj presence 
believe_so_nsubj Rice 
believe_so_dobj eyes 
spotted_so_nsubj she 
spotted_so_dobj student 
surrendered_s_nsubj Germany 
matched_so_nsubj notes 
matched_so_dobj questions 
taking_s_nsubj student 
had_so_nsubj student 
had_so_dobj answers 
surrendered_so_nsubj student 
surrendered_so_dobj notes 
underline_o_dobj answers 
paid_o_dobj fine 
won_so_nsubj who 
won_so_dobj laurels 
inspired_o_dobj students 
teach_s_nsubj she 
left_so_nsubj she 
left_so_dobj bitterness 
defended_so_nsubj who 
defended_so_dobj her 
casts_so_nsubj case 
casts_so_dobj light 
growing_s_nsubj pressures 
violated_s_nsubj Yeargin 
depended_s_nsubj bonus 
suspects_so_nsubj department 
suspects_so_dobj responsibility 
changed_so_nsubj that 
changed_so_dobj answers 
revising_so_nsubj Texas 
revising_so_dobj practices 
booming_s_nsubj sales 
telegraph_so_nsubj teachers 
telegraph_so_dobj areas 
concentrate_s_nsubj test 
mean_so_nsubj tests 
mean_so_dobj much 
block_so_nsubj scores 
block_so_dobj promotions 
force_o_dobj districts 
mean_so_nsubj that 
mean_so_dobj firings 
bring_so_nsubj scores 
bring_so_dobj recognition 
use_so_nsubj who 
use_so_dobj SAT 
prosecuting_os_dobj Yeargin 
prosecuting_os_csubj prosecuting 
take_so_nsubj they 
take_so_dobj it 
cutting_o_dobj class 
was_s_nsubj enrollment 
suffered_so_nsubj predecessor 
suffered_so_dobj breakdown 
bled_s_nsubj teacher 
says_s_nsubj Ward 
having_so_nsubj school 
having_so_dobj trouble 
serving_o_dobj groups 
restore_o_dobj safety 
had_so_nsubj she 
had_so_dobj factors 
raised_so_nsubj which 
raised_so_dobj funding 
loved_so_nsubj I 
loved_so_dobj school 
dreamt_s_nsubj I 
worked_s_nsubj Yeargin 
applied_so_nsubj she 
applied_so_dobj pay 
won_so_nsubj She 
won_so_dobj money 
advised_o_dobj cheerleaders 
ran_o_dobj club 
proposed_o_dobj class 
had_so_nsubj who 
had_so_dobj Yeargin 
say_s_nsubj students 
distinguished_so_nsubj Yeargin 
distinguished_so_dobj herself 
using_o_dobj competitions 
see_s_nsubj You 
correcting_so_nsubj her 
correcting_so_dobj homework 
viewed_so_nsubj teachers 
viewed_so_dobj Yeargin 
meant_so_nsubj gains 
meant_so_dobj total 
Winning_os_dobj bonus 
Winning_os_csubj Winning 
demand_so_nsubj that 
demand_so_dobj hearing 
gave_o_dobj answers 
had_s_nsubj they 
says_s_nsubj she 
suffer_os_dobj that 
suffer_os_nsubj students 
goes_s_nsubj day 
needed_so_nsubj They 
needed_so_dobj somebody 
loved_so_nsubj who 
loved_so_dobj them 
needed_s_nsubj they 
found_so_nsubj They 
found_so_dobj students 
have_so_nsubj I 
have_so_dobj sympathy 
asks_s_nsubj Watson 
believe_s_nsubj I 
did_oss_dobj What 
did_oss_nsubj she 
did_oss_csubj did 
bring_os_dobj that 
bring_os_nsubj trial 
declined_s_nsubj Yeargin 
said_so_nsubj She 
said_so_dobj something 
was_s_nsubj It 
won_so_nsubj Yeargin 
won_so_dobj support 
decried_so_nsubj callers 
decried_so_dobj testing 
appeared_s_nsubj she 
give_so_nsubj show 
give_so_dobj particulars 
says_s_nsubj Watson 
like_s_nsubj they 
work_s_nsubj We 
did_oss_dobj what 
did_oss_nsubj she 
did_oss_csubj did 
says_s_nsubj Ward 
find_so_nsubj students 
find_so_dobj answer 
give_so_nsubj teachers 
give_so_dobj them 
contain_so_nsubj Worksheets 
contain_so_dobj questions 
is_s_nsubj difference 
aces_so_nsubj everybody 
aces_so_dobj test 
reach_so_nsubj materials 
reach_so_dobj students 
publishes_so_nsubj that 
publishes_so_dobj Materials 
devised_so_nsubj They 
devised_so_dobj scale 
awarding_o_dobj point 
says_s_nsubj Kaminski 
replicate_so_nsubj kits 
replicate_so_dobj many 
matched_s_nsubj Materials 
matched_s_nsubj High 
does_os_dobj that 
does_os_nsubj test 
know_os_dobj that 
know_os_nsubj graders 
contains_so_nsubj Materials 
contains_so_dobj examples 
have_s_nsubj students 
came_s_nsubj High 
purchased_so_nsubj McGraw-Hill 
purchased_so_dobj unit 
publishes_so_nsubj that 
publishes_so_dobj High 
has_so_nsubj which 
has_so_dobj offices 
had_so_nsubj S&L 
had_so_dobj assets 
includes_so_nsubj price 
includes_so_dobj companies 
involving_o_dobj transplants 
oppose_so_nsubj anti-abortionists 
oppose_so_dobj research 
using_o_dobj transplants 
involve_so_nsubj that 
involve_so_dobj transplants 
oppose_so_nsubj Mason 
oppose_so_dobj funding 
does_s_nsubj Bush 
began_s_nsubj controversy 
asked_s_nsubj Institutes 
placed_so_nsubj department 
placed_so_dobj moratorium 
pending_o_dobj review 
disturbs_so_nsubj handling 
disturbs_so_dobj scientists 
moves_s_nsubj progress 
conducting_o_dobj research 
involving_o_dobj tissues 
continue_s_nsubj funding 
result_s_nsubj research 
cause_so_nsubj that 
cause_so_dobj cancer 
cause_so_nsubj that 
cause_so_dobj syndrome 
spends_so_nsubj NIH 
spends_so_dobj $ 
boosted_so_nsubj hope 
boosted_so_dobj stocks 
added_so_nsubj index 
added_so_dobj 1.01 
averaged_so_nsubj volume 
averaged_so_dobj shares 
gained_so_nsubj index 
gained_so_dobj 1.39 
tracks_so_nsubj which 
tracks_so_dobj issues 
jumped_so_nsubj index 
jumped_so_dobj 3.23 
got_so_nsubj stocks 
got_so_dobj boost 
merged_s_nsubj banks 
said_s_nsubj traders 
permitting_o_dobj banking 
surged_so_nsubj which 
surged_so_dobj 3/4 
expires_s_nsubj that 
follows_so_nsubj who 
follows_so_dobj stocks 
rose_so_nsubj It 
rose_so_dobj 7/8 
trade_s_nsubj shares 
added_so_nsubj Centerbank 
added_so_dobj 5/8 
rose_so_nsubj shares 
rose_so_dobj 5/8 
leapt_so_nsubj Association 
leapt_so_dobj % 
gained_so_nsubj Savings 
gained_so_dobj 1 
assuming_o_dobj fluctuation 
surged_so_nsubj Weisfield 
surged_so_dobj 3/4 
gained_so_nsubj receipts 
gained_so_dobj 5/8 
begin_so_nsubj Ratners 
begin_so_dobj offer 
rose_so_nsubj ADRs 
rose_so_dobj 1/4 
tumbled_so_nsubj shares 
tumbled_so_dobj 4 
owns_so_nsubj which 
owns_so_dobj % 
slipped_so_nsubj Systems 
slipped_so_dobj 7/8 
had_so_nsubj SCI 
had_so_dobj income 
pay_soo_nsubj who 
pay_soo_iobj them 
pay_soo_dobj $ 
stem_s_nsubj warnings 
receives_so_nsubj who 
receives_so_dobj $ 
asks_s_nsubj form 
took_so_nsubj law 
took_so_dobj effect 
citing_o_dobj privilege 
acted_s_nsubj IRS 
received_so_nsubj who 
received_so_dobj letters 
received_oo_dobj himself 
received_oo_dobj forms 
pay_so_nsubj who 
pay_so_dobj cash 
have_so_nsubj who 
have_so_dobj accounts 
hire_so_nsubj they 
hire_so_dobj lawyers 
spark_o_dobj action 
passed_so_nsubj House 
passed_so_dobj resolution 
condemning_o_dobj requirement 
heads_so_nsubj who 
heads_so_dobj committee 
orders_so_nsubj court 
orders_so_dobj it 
result_s_nsubj that 
bring_so_nsubj which 
bring_so_dobj actions 
said_s_nsubj he 
asked_s_nsubj IRS 
received_s_nsubj it 
need_so_nsubj Prosecutors 
need_so_dobj permission 
used_o_dobj information 
takes_so_nsubj WAR 
takes_so_dobj victim 
ease_s_nsubj judges 
called_so_nsubj judge 
called_so_dobj conference 
make_so_nsubj judges 
make_so_dobj 89,500 
rejected_so_nsubj Congress 
rejected_so_dobj bill 
blinks_so_nsubj nobody 
blinks_so_dobj eye 
suing_so_nsubj Trudeau 
suing_so_dobj Guild 
involves_so_nsubj dispute 
involves_so_dobj Inc. 
began_so_nsubj guild 
began_so_dobj strike 
says_s_nsubj Trudeau 
included_so_nsubj strike 
included_so_dobj Darkhorse 
go_s_nsubj who 
seeks_so_nsubj suit 
seeks_so_dobj order 
preventing_o_dobj guild 
upheld_so_nsubj court 
upheld_so_dobj ruling 
include_so_nsubj that 
include_so_dobj services 
prohibits_so_nsubj rule 
prohibits_so_dobj use 
assist_so_nsubj that 
assist_so_dobj woman 
prohibits_so_nsubj rule 
prohibits_so_dobj funding 
encourage_so_nsubj that 
encourage_so_dobj abortion 
CLEARS_so_nsubj INQUIRY 
CLEARS_so_dobj JUDGE 
sentencing_o_dobj defendant 
involving_o_dobj homosexual 
goes_s_nsubj TRIAL 
began_so_nsubj Attorneys 
began_so_dobj arguments 
ended_s_nsubj trials 
joined_so_nsubj member 
joined_so_dobj firm 
specialize_s_nsubj He 
took_so_nsubj executive 
took_so_dobj step 
rebuked_so_nsubj leaders 
rebuked_so_dobj makers 
make_s_nsubj actions 
is_s_nsubj Fujitsu 
lost_so_nsubj NEC 
lost_so_dobj contract 
made_so_nsubj which 
made_so_dobj bid 
won_o_dobj lottery 
involved_o_dobj hardware 
summoned_so_nsubj Ministry 
summoned_so_dobj executives 
investigating_o_dobj bids 
added_s_nsubj he 
released_so_nsubj NEC 
released_so_dobj statement 
had_so_nsubj companies 
had_so_dobj reputation 
have_so_nsubj that 
have_so_dobj benefits 
comes_s_nsubj controversy 
having_o_dobj affairs 
made_so_nsubj Corp. 
made_so_dobj bid 
touch_s_nsubj bids 
make_s_nsubj Fujitsu 
came_s_nsubj controversy 
bid_so_nsubj it 
bid_so_dobj yen 
has_so_nsubj which 
has_so_dobj papers 
completed_so_nsubj Corp. 
completed_so_dobj sale 
retaining_o_dobj stake 
owns_so_nsubj which 
owns_so_dobj chain 
rose_so_nsubj Sales 
rose_so_dobj % 
bought_so_nsubj company 
bought_so_dobj plant 
makes_so_nsubj which 
makes_so_dobj software 
improve_so_nsubj that 
improve_so_dobj productivity 
reported_so_nsubj Corp. 
reported_so_dobj loss 
reflects_so_nsubj that 
reflects_so_dobj slowdown 
indicate_so_nsubj forecasts 
indicate_so_dobj environment 
make_o_dobj reductions 
equals_so_nsubj loss 
equals_so_dobj cents 
counting_o_dobj charge 
had_so_nsubj it 
had_so_dobj profit 
rose_so_nsubj Revenue 
rose_so_dobj % 
reflects_so_nsubj charge 
reflects_so_dobj wafers 
growing_s_nsubj industry 
facing_so_nsubj makers 
facing_so_dobj demand 
posted_so_nsubj dollar 
posted_so_dobj gains 
climbed_s_nsubj mark 
said_s_nsubj Trettien 
knows_s_nsubj Who 
opened_s_nsubj currency 
traced_so_nsubj Madison 
traced_so_dobj performance 
cites_so_nsubj He 
cites_so_dobj deal 
redeeming_o_dobj bonds 
showed_so_nsubj market 
showed_so_dobj interest 
measures_so_nsubj which 
measures_so_dobj health 
stood_s_nsubj index 
indicates_so_nsubj which 
indicates_so_dobj economy 
keeps_s_nsubj family 
laughing_s_nsubj millions 
bought_so_nsubj that 
bought_so_dobj reruns 
laughing_s_nsubj some 
air_so_nsubj that 
air_so_dobj shows 
expire_s_nsubj contracts 
say_s_nsubj many 
sign_o_dobj commitments 
offering_so_nsubj We 
offering_so_dobj plan 
says_s_nsubj manager 
comes_s_nsubj move 
running_s_nsubj that 
says_s_nsubj Kuvin 
gets_so_nsubj Cosby 
gets_so_dobj ratings 
offering_o_dobj pages 
survive_s_nsubj magazine 
made_so_nsubj Garbage 
made_so_dobj debut 
combines_so_nsubj magazine 
combines_so_dobj pieces 
ran_so_nsubj editors 
ran_so_dobj diagram 
practicing_so_nsubj it 
practicing_so_dobj garbage 
says_s_nsubj he 
have_so_nsubj Soup 
have_so_dobj plans 
featured_so_nsubj issues 
featured_so_dobj ads 
says_s_nsubj spokeswoman 
have_so_nsubj it 
have_so_dobj plans 
sell_s_nsubj copies 
printed_so_nsubj Corp. 
printed_so_dobj copies 
says_s_nsubj she 
has_so_nsubj magazine 
has_so_dobj orders 
care_s_nsubj I 
says_s_nsubj she 
sleep_s_nsubj I 
expanded_os_dobj which 
expanded_os_nsubj it 
bought_so_nsubj it 
bought_so_dobj % 
providing_so_nsubj Interpublic 
providing_so_dobj programming 
named_so_nsubj Corp. 
named_so_dobj Brown 
awarded_so_nsubj division 
awarded_so_dobj account 
breaks_so_nsubj Inc. 
breaks_so_dobj campaign 
specializes_s_nsubj firm 
pitches_so_nsubj campaign 
pitches_so_dobj service 
acquired_so_nsubj Communications 
acquired_so_dobj Braun 
made_so_nsubj which 
made_so_dobj offer 
use_o_dobj some 
offered_so_nsubj companies 
offered_so_dobj 50 
sweetened_so_nsubj Temple 
sweetened_so_dobj offer 
said_s_nsubj Sherwood 
gives_soo_nsubj $ 
gives_soo_iobj us 
gives_soo_dobj flexibility 
has_os_dobj that 
has_os_nsubj Containers 
criticized_so_nsubj Temple 
criticized_so_dobj plan 
characterizing_o_dobj it 
confuse_o_dobj shareholders 
prevent_o_dobj them 
said_s_nsubj spokesman 
stem_s_nsubj figures 
closed_s_nsubj Containers 
took_so_nsubj Department 
took_so_dobj steps 
issued_so_nsubj It 
issued_so_dobj rule 
said_s_nsubj Skinner 
represents_so_nsubj action 
represents_so_dobj milestone 
account_s_nsubj which 
have_o_dobj features 
have_so_nsubj They 
have_so_dobj luck 
praised_so_nsubj Danforth 
praised_so_dobj actions 
apply_s_nsubj proposal 
weighing_o_dobj pounds 
have_so_nsubj vehicle 
have_so_dobj belts 
joins_so_nsubj Walters 
joins_so_dobj board 
succeed_so_nsubj Peter 
succeed_so_dobj Milne 
retires_s_nsubj who 
approved_so_nsubj committee 
approved_so_dobj bill 
are_s_nsubj most 
allow_so_nsubj Massachusetts 
allow_so_dobj banking 
told_so_nsubj Driscoll 
told_so_dobj Report 
are_s_nsubj those 
think_s_nsubj who 
reducing_o_dobj employment 
signed_so_nsubj It 
signed_so_dobj agreement 
cut_so_nsubj Inc. 
cut_so_dobj dividend 
reported_so_nsubj company 
reported_so_dobj income 
adopted_so_nsubj company 
adopted_so_dobj plan 
succeeding_o_dobj Butler 
retiring_s_nsubj who 
remain_s_nsubj Butler 
announced_so_nsubj Winiarski 
announced_so_dobj tag 
balked_s_nsubj shops 
declared_s_nsubj Winiarski 
introduced_so_nsubj he 
introduced_so_dobj wine 
included_so_nsubj group 
included_so_dobj stable 
ranged_s_nsubj wines 
boast_so_nsubj France 
boast_so_dobj share 
costs_so_nsubj which 
costs_so_dobj $ 
goes_s_nsubj Yquem 
runs_so_nsubj 1983 
runs_so_dobj 179 
inching_s_nsubj some 
encroaching_s_nsubj Blancs 
steal_s_nsubj None 
soared_so_nsubj they 
soared_so_dobj Tache 
is_s_nsubj Hermitage 
command_so_nsubj that 
command_so_dobj prices 
seeing_so_nsubj We 
seeing_so_dobj it 
continued_s_nsubj Shapiro 
go_s_nsubj which 
offer_so_nsubj Some 
offer_so_dobj bargain 
Take_o_dobj Cabernet 
ripen_s_nsubj grapes 
yielded_so_nsubj that 
yielded_so_dobj cases 
asked_s_nsubj retailer 
Offering_o_dobj wine 
sent_soo_nsubj he 
sent_soo_iobj merchants 
sent_soo_dobj form 
take_so_nsubj I 
take_so_dobj it 
take_so_nsubj I 
take_so_dobj all 
get_s_nsubj I 
said_s_nsubj Pratt 
are_s_nsubj people 
got_so_nsubj We 
got_so_dobj six-packs 
wins_so_nsubj that 
wins_so_dobj ratings 
move_s_nsubj wine 
said_s_nsubj Pratt 
creating_so_nsubj they 
creating_so_dobj wines 
appeal_s_nsubj that 
explains_s_nsubj That 
expanding_s_nsubj number 
buy_s_nsubj who 
get_so_nsubj they 
get_so_dobj something 
has_so_nsubj Image 
has_so_dobj deal 
does_s_nsubj what 
lowering_o_dobj price 
have_so_nsubj people 
have_so_dobj ideas 
buy_so_nsubj you 
buy_so_dobj Tache 
's_s_nsubj what 
increasing_so_nsubj Signs 
increasing_so_dobj pressure 
occur_s_nsubj trend 
cut_so_nsubj Fed 
cut_so_dobj rate 
said_s_nsubj report 
noted_so_nsubj manufacturer 
noted_so_dobj orders 
are_s_nsubj signs 
pushing_s_nsubj governors 
resisting_so_nsubj many 
resisting_so_dobj move 
see_o_dobj lot 
tilt_so_nsubj that 
tilt_so_dobj us 
is_s_nsubj chance 
added_s_nsubj Guffey 
receive_so_nsubj shareholders 
receive_so_dobj right 
expire_s_nsubj which 
owns_so_nsubj which 
owns_so_dobj hotels 
owns_so_nsubj Hallwood 
owns_so_dobj % 
expired_s_nsubj contract 
was_s_nsubj vote 
said_s_nsubj Basham 
have_so_nsubj government 
have_so_dobj cash 
mature_s_nsubj that 
sell_so_nsubj Treasury 
sell_so_dobj securities 
raise_so_nsubj securities 
raise_so_dobj $ 
redeem_o_dobj $ 
consist_s_nsubj securities 
mature_s_nsubj They 
clearing_o_dobj way 
raise_so_nsubj Auctions 
raise_so_dobj total 
took_so_nsubj Investors 
took_so_dobj advantage 
gained_s_nsubj prices 
rose_s_nsubj prices 
boosted_so_nsubj demand 
boosted_so_dobj currency 
showed_s_nsubj investors 
jumped_so_nsubj average 
jumped_so_dobj points 
cut_o_dobj risks 
had_so_nsubj news 
had_so_dobj effect 
rose_s_nsubj prices 
totaled_so_nsubj volume 
totaled_so_dobj shares 
were_s_nsubj prices 
gained_so_nsubj bond 
gained_so_dobj quarter 
fell_s_nsubj yield 
rose_s_nsubj dollar 
posted_so_nsubj Mining 
posted_so_dobj rise 
ended_o_dobj 30 
tripled_s_nsubj income 
has_so_nsubj Sierra 
has_so_dobj employees 
supplies_o_dobj services 
follows_so_nsubj offer 
follows_so_dobj proposal 
pay_soo_nsubj that 
pay_soo_iobj shareholders 
pay_soo_dobj 55 
rebuffed_so_nsubj Gulf 
rebuffed_so_dobj offer 
made_so_nsubj it 
made_so_dobj proposals 
continuing_s_nsubj work 
elaborate_s_nsubj It 
saw_so_nsubj Analysts 
saw_so_dobj offer 
own_so_nsubj Simmons 
own_so_dobj stake 
owns_so_nsubj Simmons 
owns_so_dobj % 
owns_so_nsubj which 
owns_so_dobj two-thirds 
making_so_nsubj NL 
making_so_dobj offer 
pay_s_nsubj you 
rose_so_nsubj stock 
rose_so_dobj 1.75 
rose_so_nsubj Valhi 
rose_so_dobj cents 
proposing_s_nsubj they 
included_so_nsubj that 
included_so_dobj $ 
said_s_nsubj he 
finance_o_dobj remainder 
owns_so_nsubj group 
owns_so_dobj % 
earned_so_nsubj Gulf 
earned_so_dobj $ 
fell_s_nsubj Sales 
representing_o_dobj University 
added_so_nsubj company 
added_so_dobj Johnson 
challenging_o_dobj member 
filed_so_nsubj Patents 
filed_so_dobj suit 
developed_so_nsubj who 
developed_so_dobj Retin-A 
patented_so_nsubj Kligman 
patented_so_dobj medicine 
licensed_o_dobj Retin-A 
declined_so_nsubj spokesman 
declined_so_dobj comment 
looming_s_nsubj Criticism 
disagree_s_nsubj they 
wants_so_nsubj U.S. 
wants_so_dobj removal 
focusing_so_nsubj talk 
focusing_so_dobj attention 
have_so_nsubj investors 
have_so_dobj opportunity 
came_s_nsubj sign 
devoted_so_nsubj spokesman 
devoted_so_dobj all 
chastised_so_nsubj he 
chastised_so_dobj media 
acquiring_so_nsubj countries 
acquiring_so_dobj assets 
made_so_nsubj Pickens 
made_so_dobj hay 
facing_o_dobj Americans 
seek_so_nsubj who 
seek_so_dobj access 
are_s_nsubj differences 
has_so_nsubj side 
has_so_dobj litany 
need_so_nsubj we 
need_so_dobj it 
say_s_nsubj Japanese 
wants_so_nsubj U.S. 
wants_so_dobj results 
agree_s_nsubj sides 
trust_s_nsubj sides 
taking_so_nsubj sides 
taking_so_dobj action 
contributed_s_nsubj Rubinfien 
increasing_so_nsubj companies 
increasing_so_dobj stake 
improves_so_nsubj trend 
improves_so_dobj access 
provides_so_nsubj it 
provides_so_dobj source 
Take_o_dobj deal 
set_so_nsubj which 
set_so_dobj sights 
facing_o_dobj company 
turned_s_nsubj Candela 
guided_so_nsubj Mitsui 
guided_so_dobj Candela 
secured_so_nsubj It 
secured_so_dobj approval 
treats_so_nsubj that 
treats_so_dobj lesions 
gave_soo_nsubj deal 
gave_soo_iobj Mitsui 
gave_soo_dobj access 
went_s_nsubj they 
bankroll_so_nsubj companies 
bankroll_so_dobj companies 
putting_o_dobj money 
touch_os_dobj that 
touch_os_nsubj banks 
tracks_so_nsubj concern 
tracks_so_dobj investments 
involved_so_nsubj some 
involved_so_dobj purchase 
parallels_so_nsubj interest 
parallels_so_dobj acceleration 
giving_oo_iobj companies 
giving_oo_dobj control 
owns_so_nsubj which 
owns_so_dobj Center 
add_s_nsubj they 
feed_so_nsubj they 
feed_so_dobj anxieties 
catch_so_nsubj product 
catch_so_dobj fancy 
foundering_s_nsubj Industries 
bought_so_nsubj Corp. 
bought_so_dobj interest 
says_s_nsubj Wakui 
make_so_nsubj which 
make_so_dobj many 
have_so_nsubj companies 
have_so_dobj counterpart 
got_so_nsubj some 
got_so_dobj start 
deal_s_nsubj combines 
operate_so_nsubj They 
operate_so_dobj ships 
using_o_dobj term 
cut_s_nsubj companies 
face_os_dobj that 
face_os_nsubj owners 
have_so_nsubj he 
have_so_dobj capital 
want_so_nsubj They 
want_so_dobj assets 
want_so_nsubj they 
want_so_dobj sheet 
has_so_nsubj which 
has_so_dobj relation 
generate_s_nsubj company 
do_so_nsubj they 
do_so_dobj this 
says_s_nsubj Klauser 
has_so_nsubj Mitsui 
has_so_dobj subsidiaries 
holds_so_nsubj it 
holds_so_dobj interest 
resigned_s_nsubj president 
provides_so_nsubj which 
provides_so_dobj maintenance 
reported_so_nsubj General 
reported_so_dobj loss 
omitted_o_dobj dividend 
act_s_nsubj Stearn 
went_s_nsubj Driskill 
pine_os_dobj that 
pine_os_nsubj banks 
receiving_s_nsubj she 
paying_s_nsubj she 
introduced_so_nsubj Bank 
introduced_so_dobj Account 
included_so_nsubj it 
included_so_dobj checking 
checking_o_dobj checking 
put_so_nsubj All 
put_so_dobj 15,000 
took_so_nsubj She 
took_so_dobj business 
goes_s_nsubj it 
pay_s_nsubj they 
turning_s_nsubj banks 
targeting_o_dobj them 
starting_o_dobj careers 
offers_so_nsubj program 
offers_so_dobj loan 
launched_so_nsubj Corp. 
launched_so_dobj account 
include_so_nsubj that 
include_so_dobj card 
aiming_so_nsubj banks 
aiming_so_dobj packages 
packaging_o_dobj packaging 
launched_so_nsubj Fargo 
launched_so_dobj Account 
included_so_nsubj which 
included_so_dobj checking 
begot_so_nsubj concept 
begot_so_dobj slew 
target_o_dobj niches 
began_s_nsubj that 
offered_so_nsubj bank 
offered_so_dobj account 
thinking_s_nsubj who 
runs_so_nsubj who 
runs_so_dobj firm 
encourage_so_nsubj Packages 
encourage_so_dobj loyalty 
get_so_nsubj banks 
get_so_dobj audience 
have_s_nsubj customers 
says_s_nsubj Sullivan 
offers_so_nsubj that 
offers_so_dobj it 
has_so_nsubj Packaging 
has_so_dobj drawbacks 
spent_so_nsubj Bank 
spent_so_dobj $ 
moving_s_nsubj banks 
says_s_nsubj he 
has_so_nsubj Union 
has_so_dobj packages 
split_so_nsubj it 
split_so_dobj those 
has_sso_nsubj Currently 
has_sso_nsubj ShareData 
has_sso_dobj shares 
develops_so_nsubj ShareData 
develops_so_dobj software 
do_s_nsubj you 
Buy_o_dobj Chevrolet 
Take_o_dobj vacation 
Send_o_dobj child 
Buy_o_dobj necklace 
Make_o_dobj difference 
spend_sso_nsubj Americans 
spend_sso_nsubj today 
spend_sso_dobj 15,000 
think_so_nsubj they 
think_so_dobj much 
lead_s_nsubj it 
helping_so_nsubj you 
helping_so_dobj S&L 
give_so_nsubj you 
give_so_dobj gift 
experience_so_nsubj you 
experience_so_dobj joy 
find_so_nsubj who 
find_so_dobj ways 
builds_so_nsubj That 
builds_so_dobj confidence 
needs_so_nsubj institution 
needs_so_dobj help 
delay_s_nsubj you 
do_s_nsubj you 
send_o_dobj support 
send_s_nsubj you 
go_so_nsubj 15,000 
go_so_dobj way 
keep_o_dobj Institution 
fell_so_nsubj futures 
fell_so_dobj points 
remain_s_nsubj it 
plunged_so_nsubj industrials 
plunged_so_dobj points 
skidded_s_nsubj prices 
fell_sso_nsubj afternoon 
fell_sso_nsubj contract 
fell_sso_dobj total 
hitting_o_dobj limit 
remained_s_nsubj that 
reopened_s_nsubj contract 
require_so_nsubj All 
require_so_dobj approval 
provides_so_nsubj which 
provides_so_dobj respite 
lapses_s_nsubj limit 
banned_so_nsubj which 
banned_so_dobj trades 
moved_so_nsubj Average 
moved_so_dobj points 
trading_s_nsubj trading 
said_s_nsubj Breeden 
have_so_nsubj that 
have_so_dobj points 
want_so_nsubj he 
want_so_dobj power 
angered_so_nsubj Phelan 
angered_so_dobj chairman 
writing_o_dobj report 
asked_so_nsubj Markey 
asked_so_dobj Phelan 
attended_soo_nsubj Fifteen 
attended_soo_dobj hearing 
attended_soo_dobj Dingell 
expressed_so_nsubj Dingell 
expressed_so_dobj concern 
said_s_nsubj sources 
uses_so_nsubj which 
uses_so_dobj futures 
reports_s_nsubj which 
evoke_so_nsubj that 
evoke_so_dobj England 
stands_s_nsubj church 
cascading_s_nsubj sound 
calling_o_dobj faithful 
pull_s_nsubj men 
sounded_s_nsubj that 
is_s_nsubj note 
enjoying_o_dobj peal 
had_so_nsubj Michael 
had_so_dobj band 
herald_so_nsubj who 
herald_so_dobj morning 
remains_s_nsubj ringer 
live_ss_nsubj others 
live_ss_nsubj today 
belong_s_nsubj They 
drive_s_nsubj who 
sounding_s_nsubj bells 
have_so_nsubj they 
have_so_dobj discos 
drift_s_nsubj they 
keeps_s_nsubj that 
pealing_s_nsubj bells 
do_s_nsubj carillons 
invented_s_nsubj English 
requires_so_nsubj Change-ringing 
requires_so_dobj dexterity 
weigh_so_nsubj bells 
weigh_so_dobj ton 
using_o_dobj bells 
sound_s_nsubj bells 
memorize_so_nsubj Ringers 
memorize_so_dobj patterns 
have_so_nsubj which 
have_so_dobj names 
takes_o_dobj hours 
gives_so_nsubj look 
gives_so_dobj idea 
pulling_so_nsubj each 
pulling_so_dobj rope 
disappears_s_nsubj that 
speaks_s_nsubj one 
time_o_dobj pulls 
use_so_nsubj ringers 
use_so_dobj wrists 
involving_o_dobj bells 
described_so_nsubj Sayers 
described_so_dobj ringing 
ringing_o_dobj ringing 
finds_so_nsubj that 
finds_so_dobj satisfaction 
added_s_nsubj she 
comes_s_nsubj that 
stays_s_nsubj that 
think_s_nsubj ringers 
sit_s_nsubj This 
attend_so_nsubj who 
attend_so_dobj service 
treated_so_nsubj that 
treated_so_dobj tower 
rings_s_nsubj band 
are_s_nsubj ringers 
come_s_nsubj ringers 
making_o_dobj exit 
says_s_nsubj he 
admits_s_nsubj Marshall 
live_s_nsubj I 
publish_o_dobj booklet 
entitled_o_dobj Bells 
attacking_so_nsubj Baldwin 
attacking_so_dobj problem 
live_s_nsubj ringers 
surfaced_s_nsubj extent 
signing_o_dobj letter 
followed_s_nsubj that 
bless_o_dobj them 
take_so_nsubj Investors 
take_so_dobj comfort 
say_s_nsubj they 
says_s_nsubj he 
attract_so_nsubj that 
attract_so_dobj males 
kill_o_dobj them 
soared_so_nsubj dividends 
soared_so_dobj % 
fell_o_dobj % 
rose_so_nsubj Payouts 
rose_so_dobj % 
continuing_s_nsubj gains 
kept_so_nsubj expansion 
kept_so_dobj pace 
slid_s_nsubj yield 
pay_s_nsubj they 
keeping_so_nsubj They 
keeping_so_dobj watch 
says_s_nsubj Perritt 
dropped_s_nsubj yield 
took_so_nsubj who 
took_so_dobj hint 
sold_o_dobj shares 
escaped_so_nsubj Stockholders 
escaped_so_dobj debacle 
dropped_s_nsubj yield 
found_s_nsubj Perritt 
says_s_nsubj he 
began_s_nsubj drop 
says_s_nsubj Coxon 
factors_so_nsubj He 
factors_so_dobj that 
happen_s_nsubj What 
suggests_so_nsubj wisdom 
suggests_so_dobj rate 
reflecting_o_dobj weakening 
forecasting_so_nsubj Inc. 
forecasting_so_dobj growth 
expects_s_nsubj firm 
ranged_s_nsubj change 
making_o_dobj expenditures 
adjusting_o_dobj dividends 
followed_so_nsubj That 
followed_so_dobj months 
trailed_so_nsubj number 
trailed_so_dobj pace 
expects_so_nsubj who 
expects_so_dobj growth 
Having_os_dobj increases 
Having_os_csubj Having 
look_s_nsubj I 
obtained_so_nsubj father-in-law 
obtained_so_dobj financing 
had_so_nsubj which 
had_so_dobj subsidiary 
is_s_nsubj This 
went_s_nsubj patents 
acquired_so_nsubj It 
acquired_so_dobj patent 
dropped_so_nsubj Union 
dropped_so_dobj lawsuit 
discontinuing_o_dobj business 
fall_s_nsubj force 
said_s_nsubj he 
have_so_nsubj company 
have_so_dobj capital 
expanding_o_dobj business 
using_o_dobj some 
developed_s_nsubj it 
offers_so_nsubj company 
offers_so_dobj package 
closed_s_nsubj common 
set_so_nsubj that 
set_so_dobj rapprochement 
spoke_s_nsubj he 
harped_s_nsubj Nixon 
took_so_nsubj Chinese 
took_so_dobj aim 
criticized_so_nsubj newspaper 
criticized_so_dobj Nixon 
accused_so_nsubj paper 
accused_so_dobj him 
killed_so_nsubj that 
killed_so_dobj hundreds 
damaged_so_nsubj events 
damaged_so_dobj respect 
had_os_dobj which 
had_os_nsubj Americans 
responded_s_nsubj Chinese 
expressed_so_nsubj leaders 
expressed_so_dobj regret 
told_so_nsubj leader 
told_so_dobj Nixon 
occurred_s_nsubj which 
took_so_nsubj Lizhi 
took_so_dobj refuge 
imposed_so_nsubj Bush 
imposed_so_dobj series 
traveling_s_nsubj Nixon 
met_so_nsubj Nixon 
met_so_dobj Bush 
raised_so_nsubj president 
raised_so_dobj number 
included_so_nsubj These 
included_so_dobj policies 
pulled_s_nsubj China 
welcome_o_dobj infusion 
's_s_nsubj weapon 
are_s_nsubj signs 
arrived_s_nsubj he 
encircling_o_dobj compound 
remained_s_nsubj contingent 
clicked_o_dobj trigger 
Lure_so_nsubj Firms 
Lure_so_dobj Graduates 
know_s_nsubj companies 
barking_s_nsubj They 
attract_so_nsubj they 
attract_so_dobj employees 
passing_so_nsubj He 
passing_so_dobj buck 
have_so_nsubj manufacturers 
have_so_dobj conditions 
get_so_nsubj I 
get_so_dobj impression 
working_s_csubj working 
visited_so_nsubj I 
visited_so_dobj lot 
spending_so_nsubj Many 
spending_so_dobj lot 
changing_o_dobj perceptions 
improve_o_dobj conditions 
accept_o_dobj labor 
Earns_so_nsubj Bush 
Earns_so_dobj Ratings 
have_so_nsubj % 
have_so_dobj views 
reflect_so_nsubj this 
reflect_so_dobj fact 
have_so_nsubj % 
have_so_dobj opinion 
approve_s_nsubj who 
have_so_nsubj % 
have_so_dobj view 
approve_s_nsubj % 
perpetuates_so_nsubj point 
perpetuates_so_dobj perspective 
disciplined_so_nsubj Association 
disciplined_so_dobj number 
had_so_nsubj operator 
had_so_dobj listing 
has_so_nsubj who 
has_so_dobj number 
has_so_nsubj who 
has_so_dobj number 
consented_s_nsubj Triton 
return_so_nsubj Chase 
return_so_dobj call 
consented_s_nsubj Inc. 
consented_s_nsubj they 
return_so_nsubj Crane 
return_so_dobj call 
seeking_o_dobj comment 
consented_s_nsubj Corp. 
received_so_nsubj Canepa 
received_so_dobj suspension 
consented_s_nsubj they 
maintained_o_dobj books 
made_o_dobj violations 
consented_s_nsubj Corp. 
consented_s_nsubj they 
described_so_nsubj He 
described_so_dobj situation 
sold_so_nsubj firm 
sold_so_dobj securities 
consented_s_nsubj Inc. 
consented_s_nsubj firm 
had_so_nsubj spokesman 
had_so_dobj comment 
had_o_dobj comment 
said_s_nsubj he 
providing_so_nsubj they 
providing_so_dobj compliance 
had_so_nsubj I 
had_so_dobj clients 
said_s_nsubj he 
plays_so_nsubj trading 
plays_so_dobj role 
resist_so_nsubj officials 
resist_so_dobj onslaught 
overlap_s_nsubj hours 
took_so_nsubj % 
took_so_dobj place 
drove_so_nsubj bout 
drove_so_dobj stocks 
joined_sso_nsubj Stanley 
joined_sso_nsubj week 
joined_sso_dobj list 
heads_so_nsubj who 
heads_so_dobj Salomon 
heads_so_nsubj who 
heads_so_dobj Stanley 
ascribe_so_nsubj Maughan 
ascribe_so_dobj part 
have_so_nsubj They 
have_so_dobj plans 
scrutinizing_so_nsubj British 
scrutinizing_so_dobj trades 
serves_s_nsubj London 
manages_so_nsubj which 
manages_so_dobj billion 
has_so_nsubj Britain 
has_so_dobj instruments 
totaled_so_nsubj average 
totaled_so_dobj 9,118 
compares_s_nsubj This 
came_s_nsubj vote 
cost_o_dobj thousands 
reflected_so_nsubj legislation 
reflected_so_dobj compromise 
accepted_so_nsubj sides 
accepted_so_dobj compromise 
lead_s_nsubj which 
rise_s_nsubj wage 
praised_so_nsubj Roukema 
praised_so_dobj acceptance 
Adopting_os_dobj policy 
Adopting_os_csubj Adopting 
regard_so_nsubj makers 
regard_so_dobj wage 
fought_so_nsubj unions 
fought_so_dobj idea 
sets_so_nsubj compromise 
sets_so_dobj wage 
pay_so_nsubj Employers 
pay_so_dobj subminimum 
covers_so_nsubj wage 
covers_so_dobj workers 
insisted_s_nsubj House 
took_so_nsubj worker 
took_so_dobj job 
received_so_nsubj Corp. 
received_so_dobj contract 
won_so_nsubj Corp. 
won_so_dobj contract 
got_so_nsubj Corp. 
got_so_dobj contract 
act_s_nsubj he 
leading_so_nsubj Hahn 
leading_so_dobj bid 
implies_s_nsubj that 
face_so_nsubj Hahn 
face_so_dobj dilemma 
Assuming_o_dobj post 
researching_so_nsubj who 
researching_so_dobj book 
showed_so_nsubj he 
showed_so_dobj willingness 
occupying_so_nsubj who 
occupying_so_dobj building 
enticed_so_nsubj Pamplin 
enticed_so_dobj Hahn 
befuddled_so_nsubj move 
befuddled_so_dobj many 
graduated_so_nsubj he 
graduated_so_dobj Kappa 
earned_so_nsubj He 
earned_so_dobj doctorate 
inherited_so_nsubj he 
inherited_so_dobj company 
sold_so_nsubj He 
sold_so_dobj unit 
made_so_nsubj that 
made_so_dobj covers 
climbed_s_nsubj sales 
took_so_nsubj Hahn 
took_so_dobj reins 
attributes_so_nsubj Hahn 
attributes_so_dobj gains 
says_s_nsubj he 
say_s_nsubj Hahn 
say_s_nsubj observers 
entering_so_nsubj he 
entering_so_dobj waters 
approved_so_nsubj conference 
approved_so_dobj portions 
relies_s_nsubj that 
approved_so_nsubj appropriators 
approved_so_dobj $ 
approved_so_nsubj conference 
approved_so_dobj $ 
contrasts_s_nsubj agreement 
came_s_nsubj action 
draws_so_nsubj nature 
draws_so_dobj variety 
began_so_nsubj Gray 
began_so_dobj bidding 
added_so_nsubj Lewis 
added_so_dobj provision 
broadened_so_nsubj Senate 
broadened_so_dobj list 
has_so_nsubj who 
has_so_dobj ties 
waived_so_nsubj House 
waived_so_dobj restrictions 
gave_o_dobj approval 
goes_s_nsubj that 
carries_o_dobj ban 
funding_o_dobj departments 
Takes_so_nsubj Beauty 
Takes_so_dobj Backseat 
's_s_nsubj disagreement 
teaches_so_nsubj who 
teaches_so_dobj art 
blocks_so_nsubj that 
blocks_so_dobj view 
Competes_s_nsubj Carrier 
PORTING_os_dobj POTABLES 
PORTING_os_csubj PORTING 
claims_s_nsubj Corp. 
hang_s_nsubj loops 
tote_so_nsubj carrier 
tote_so_dobj cups 
giving_soo_nsubj outlets 
giving_soo_iobj it 
giving_soo_dobj try 
acknowledges_so_nsubj company 
acknowledges_so_dobj problems 
's_s_nsubj place 
Touches_so_nsubj Spirit 
Touches_so_dobj World 
promises_so_nsubj EXCHANGE 
promises_so_dobj change 
opened_s_nsubj exhibition 
runs_so_nsubj show 
runs_so_dobj gamut 
continues_s_nsubj event 
includes_o_dobj program 
sees_so_nsubj Droz 
sees_so_dobj benefits 
have_so_nsubj who 
have_so_dobj clients 
learn_so_nsubj Americans 
learn_so_dobj more 
make_so_nsubj you 
make_so_dobj corkscrews 
need_s_nsubj you 
got_s_nsubj They 
seeking_so_nsubj which 
seeking_so_dobj solutions 
says_s_nsubj state 
contain_so_nsubj that 
contain_so_dobj cells 
says_s_nsubj Eggers 
compared_so_nsubj architect 
compared_so_dobj them 
says_s_nsubj it 
cited_so_nsubj Department 
cited_so_dobj Corp. 
proposed_o_dobj $ 
proposed_so_nsubj Safety 
proposed_so_dobj fines 
cited_so_nsubj OSHA 
cited_so_dobj violations 
covering_o_dobj works 
involved_so_nsubj citation 
involved_so_dobj violations 
proposed_so_nsubj OSHA 
proposed_so_dobj $ 
resulted_s_nsubj which 
said_s_nsubj Dole 
are_s_nsubj failures 
regarding_o_dobj penalty 
said_s_nsubj spokesman 
receive_so_nsubj they 
receive_so_dobj evaluation 
represented_so_nsubj citations 
represented_so_dobj action 
has_so_nsubj USX 
has_so_dobj days 
contesting_so_nsubj company 
contesting_so_dobj fine 
identified_so_nsubj letter 
identified_so_dobj NRDC 
referred_s_nsubj editorial 
emphasized_so_nsubj you 
emphasized_so_dobj prevalance 
examined_s_nsubj we 
suffered_s_nsubj They 
lack_o_dobj safety 
lack_so_nsubj they 
lack_so_dobj necessities 
preventing_os_dobj homelessness 
preventing_os_csubj preventing 
sleep_s_nsubj you 
had_so_nsubj Some 
had_so_dobj illness 
dismiss_so_nsubj You 
dismiss_so_dobj view 
is_s_nsubj sign 
stopped_s_nsubj research 
know_so_nsubj that 
know_so_dobj thing 
see_so_nsubj they 
see_so_dobj it 
subscribe_s_nsubj who 
mention_so_nsubj you 
mention_so_dobj YMCA 
participated_s_nsubj that 
underwent_so_nsubj who 
underwent_so_dobj examinations 
Choose_o_dobj executives 
put_o_dobj them 
passed_so_nsubj House 
passed_so_dobj legislation 
came_s_nsubj vote 
approved_o_dobj amendments 
is_s_nsubj question 
stands_s_nsubj Senate 
involving_o_dobj airline 
give_soo_nsubj bill 
give_soo_iobj Department 
give_soo_dobj days 
selling_os_dobj assets 
selling_os_csubj selling 
approved_so_nsubj House 
approved_so_dobj amendment 
passed_s_nsubj which 
approved_so_nsubj House 
approved_so_dobj amendment 
drop_s_nsubj You 
read_o_dobj text 
take_so_nsubj You 
take_so_dobj notes 
look_s_nsubj folks 
do_so_nsubj You 
do_so_dobj this 
print_so_nsubj newspaper 
print_so_dobj text 
had_so_nsubj you 
had_so_dobj right 
had_so_nsubj I 
had_so_dobj right 
propagandize_so_nsubj government 
propagandize_so_dobj people 
propagandizes_so_nsubj government 
propagandizes_so_dobj people 
wrote_s_nsubj I 
clipped_os_dobj that 
clipped_os_nsubj you 
review_so_nsubj I 
review_so_dobj facts 
broadcasts_so_nsubj that 
broadcasts_so_dobj news 
say_so_nsubj some 
say_so_dobj propaganda 
does_so_nsubj It 
does_so_dobj job 
barred_so_nsubj law 
barred_so_dobj dissemination 
barred_so_nsubj it 
barred_so_dobj them 
's_o_iobj word 
's_s_nsubj that 
asked_s_nsubj I 
transcribe_o_dobj editorial 
print_o_dobj it 
sounded_s_nsubj That 
went_s_nsubj that 
sued_s_nsubj I 
lost_so_nsubj I 
lost_so_dobj case 
won_so_nsubj I 
won_so_dobj point 
happened_s_nsubj thing 
runs_so_nsubj which 
runs_so_dobj Voice 
changed_so_nsubj Agency 
changed_so_dobj position 
get_so_nsubj I 
get_so_dobj hands 
decided_s_nsubj it 
referred_s_nsubj word 
noted_so_nsubj court 
noted_so_dobj position 
examine_so_nsubj who 
examine_so_dobj materials 
disagreed_s_nsubj court 
abridging_o_dobj right 
prescribe_so_nsubj Amendment 
prescribe_so_dobj duty 
have_so_nsubj You 
have_so_dobj right 
visiting_o_dobj office 
have_so_nsubj I 
have_so_dobj right 
copy_so_nsubj neither 
copy_so_dobj material 
has_so_nsubj agency 
has_so_dobj machine 
suspect_s_nsubj I 
say_os_dobj What 
say_os_nsubj USIA 
say_so_nsubj we 
say_so_dobj it 
get_so_nsubj taxpayers 
get_so_dobj answers 
wrote_so_nsubj man 
wrote_so_dobj me 
had_so_nsubj He 
had_so_dobj answers 
are_s_nsubj some 
run_so_nsubj Baum 
run_so_dobj Campbell 
dividing_o_dobj responsibilities 
searching_s_nsubj board 
reacted_s_nsubj Street 
rose_so_nsubj shares 
rose_so_dobj 3.375 
paid_so_nsubj it 
paid_so_dobj earnings 
has_so_nsubj Baum 
has_so_dobj experience 
have_so_nsubj Baum 
have_so_dobj responsibility 
joined_so_nsubj who 
joined_so_dobj Campbell 
take_so_nsubj Harper 
take_so_dobj charge 
controlled_so_nsubj who 
controlled_so_dobj % 
died_s_nsubj he 
took_so_nsubj company 
took_so_dobj charge 
announced_so_nsubj it 
announced_so_dobj plan 
calls_s_nsubj plan 
eliminating_o_dobj jobs 
said_s_nsubj analysts 
were_s_nsubj signs 
quoted_so_nsubj statement 
quoted_so_dobj him 
received_so_nsubj McGovern 
received_so_dobj salary 
owns_so_nsubj He 
owns_so_dobj shares 
has_o_dobj options 
increased_s_nsubj income 
expressed_so_nsubj Harper 
expressed_so_dobj confidence 
applaud_so_nsubj Analysts 
applaud_so_dobj performance 
posted_so_nsubj which 
posted_so_dobj growth 
managing_so_nsubj we 
managing_so_dobj U.S.A. 
exuded_so_nsubj men 
exuded_so_dobj confidence 
represent_o_dobj transactions 
financing_o_dobj order 
vary_s_nsubj practices 
announced_so_nsubj Bernstein 
announced_so_dobj resignation 
owns_so_nsubj company 
owns_so_dobj House 
said_s_nsubj Bernstein 
evolved_s_nsubj departure 
reached_s_nsubj I 
go_s_nsubj you 
doing_s_nsubj company 
has_so_nsubj Bob 
has_so_dobj agenda 
seemed_s_nsubj this 
report_so_nsubj House 
report_so_dobj earnings 
succeeded_so_nsubj who 
succeeded_so_dobj Cerf 
centers_s_nsubj Speculation 
include_so_nsubj candidates 
include_so_dobj Petersen 
is_s_nsubj speculation 
left_so_nsubj who 
left_so_dobj Knopf 
took_so_nsubj Evans 
took_so_dobj job 
signals_so_nsubj It 
signals_so_dobj attempt 
emasculate_so_nsubj power 
emasculate_so_dobj presidency 
swallow_o_dobj principle 
discussed_so_nsubj framers 
discussed_so_dobj clause 
contradict_so_nsubj It 
contradict_so_dobj objective 
contained_so_nsubj bill 
contained_so_dobj attempts 
containing_o_dobj them 
places_so_nsubj II 
places_so_dobj duty 
have_so_nsubj President 
have_so_dobj Power 
happen_s_nsubj that 
expire_s_nsubj which 
repeals_so_nsubj Congress 
repeals_so_dobj power 
imposes_so_nsubj Section 
imposes_so_dobj conditions 
funding_o_dobj funding 
avoid_so_nsubj president 
avoid_so_dobj restriction 
contain_so_nsubj bills 
contain_so_dobj number 
violate_so_nsubj that 
violate_so_dobj clause 
prevent_so_nsubj provisions 
prevent_so_dobj branch 
violate_so_nsubj laws 
violate_so_dobj provision 
gives_soo_nsubj which 
gives_soo_iobj president 
gives_soo_dobj discretion 
proposing_o_dobj alternatives 
prevents_so_nsubj that 
prevents_so_dobj Office 
is_s_nsubj something 
prohibiting_o_dobj executive 
illustrates_so_nsubj none 
illustrates_so_dobj attempt 
amounts_s_nsubj provision 
veto_so_nsubj Bush 
veto_so_dobj acts 
contain_so_nsubj that 
contain_so_dobj kinds 
exercise_o_dobj prerogatives 
invite_so_nsubj he 
invite_so_dobj Congress 
learned_so_nsubj Reagan 
learned_so_dobj lesson 
discussing_so_nsubj Wright 
discussing_so_dobj control 
sign_so_nsubj president 
sign_so_dobj bills 
assert_o_dobj power 
restricting_o_dobj powers 
give_soo_nsubj Constitution 
give_soo_iobj president 
give_soo_dobj power 
have_so_nsubj president 
have_so_dobj duty 
trespass_s_nsubj that 
violate_so_nsubj that 
violate_so_dobj separation 
is_s_nsubj downside 
win_s_nsubj Bush 
receive_so_nsubj he 
receive_so_dobj opinion 
exercise_o_dobj prerogatives 
extending_o_dobj sphere 
drawing_o_dobj powers 
served_s_nsubj Sidak 
rose_s_nsubj income 
set_so_nsubj Most 
set_so_dobj records 
occurred_s_nsubj damage 
saved_sos_nsubj What 
saved_sos_dobj farmers 
saved_sos_csubj saved 
had_so_nsubj who 
had_so_dobj loss 
profited_s_nsubj farmers 
rose_s_nsubj income 
attributed_so_nsubj Analysts 
attributed_so_dobj increases 
confirms_so_nsubj income 
confirms_so_dobj rebound 
rising_s_nsubj prices 
benefited_s_nsubj Farmers 
led_so_nsubj California 
led_so_dobj nation 
lost_so_nsubj Many 
lost_so_dobj farms 
decline_s_nsubj payments 
causing_o_dobj fall 
slipped_s_nsubj payments 
publish_so_nsubj Examiner 
publish_so_dobj edition 
turns_so_nsubj demise 
turns_so_dobj city 
dominates_so_nsubj Times 
dominates_so_dobj region 
faces_so_nsubj it 
faces_so_dobj competition 
sells_so_nsubj which 
sells_so_dobj copies 
sells_so_nsubj which 
sells_so_dobj 170,000 
have_so_nsubj cities 
have_so_dobj dailies 
put_so_nsubj Hearst 
put_so_dobj paper 
had_so_nsubj Speculation 
had_so_dobj it 
materialized_s_nsubj buy-out 
included_so_nsubj buyers 
included_so_dobj Davis 
target_o_dobj area 
seemed_s_nsubj Herald 
joins_so_nsubj Herald 
joins_so_dobj News-American 
folded_s_nsubj which 
built_so_nsubj who 
built_so_dobj castle 
shows_so_nsubj deterioration 
shows_so_dobj signs 
began_s_nsubj that 
cut_o_dobj circulation 
recovered_s_nsubj it 
had_so_nsubj it 
had_so_dobj moments 
hired_so_nsubj Hearst 
hired_so_dobj Bellows 
brightened_so_nsubj who 
brightened_so_dobj product 
restored_so_nsubj He 
restored_so_dobj respect 
beat_so_nsubj Herald 
beat_so_dobj rival 
pay_o_dobj them 
crying_s_nsubj people 
hired_os_dobj whom 
hired_os_nsubj Times 
returned_s_nsubj who 
works_s_nsubj wife 
did_s_nsubj father 
filling_o_dobj box 
make_so_nsubj It 
make_so_dobj difference 
lead_s_nsubj that 
leave_o_dobj home 
go_s_nsubj slogan 
joining_so_nsubj Co. 
joining_so_dobj forces 
giving_so_nsubj companies 
giving_so_dobj vacations 
charge_so_nsubj who 
charge_so_dobj all 
explaining_o_dobj program 
began_s_nsubj which 
disclose_so_nsubj company 
disclose_so_dobj cost 
realize_so_nsubj holders 
realize_so_dobj this 
approved_so_nsubj GMAC 
approved_so_dobj program 
says_s_nsubj he 
carry_o_dobj rates 
asked_so_nsubj company 
asked_so_dobj members 
has_so_nsubj Express 
has_so_dobj holders 
have_so_nsubj half 
have_so_dobj card 
get_so_nsubj who 
get_so_dobj letters 
start_s_nsubj which 
have_o_dobj plans 
working_s_nsubj divisions 
accept_so_nsubj that 
accept_so_dobj card 
include_so_nsubj packages 
include_so_dobj accommodations 
pay_s_nsubj buyer 
gets_o_dobj ticket 
choose_s_nsubj buyers 
receive_so_nsubj who 
receive_so_dobj letter 
get_so_nsubj they 
get_so_dobj calculator 
offered_so_nsubj company 
offered_so_dobj tickets 
lead_s_nsubj ruling 
set_o_dobj precedent 
plunged_so_nsubj futures 
plunged_so_dobj more 
fell_s_nsubj which 
retraced_so_nsubj Gilts 
retraced_so_dobj some 
lost_so_nsubj council 
lost_so_dobj millions 
engage_s_nsubj parties 
betting_s_nsubj they 
making_o_dobj payments 
make_so_nsubj which 
make_so_dobj payments 
owed_soo_nsubj municipalities 
owed_soo_iobj banks 
owed_soo_dobj more 
began_s_nsubj hearing 
backed_so_nsubj council 
backed_so_dobj stand 
set_so_nsubj decision 
set_so_dobj precedent 
representing_o_dobj one 
include_so_nsubj institutions 
include_so_dobj PLC 
made_so_nsubj banks 
made_so_dobj payments 
have_so_nsubj banks 
have_so_dobj days 
began_so_nsubj Kidder 
began_so_dobj campaign 
send_s_nsubj that 
reeling_s_nsubj prices 
reap_o_dobj rewards 
stand_s_nsubj forces 
Defending_os_dobj ramparts 
Defending_os_nsubj Guard 
make_so_nsubj who 
make_so_dobj markets 
mobilizing_o_dobj opinion 
announced_sso_nsubj Exchange 
announced_sso_nsubj yesterday 
announced_sso_dobj addition 
rallying_so_nsubj who 
rallying_so_dobj CEOs 
offering_o_dobj support 
gives_oso_dobj that 
gives_oso_nsubj trading 
gives_oso_dobj them 
waited_s_nsubj they 
surrendered_s_nsubj Bradley 
sold_so_nsubj He 
sold_so_dobj seat 
wrote_o_dobj letter 
pitting_o_dobj employee 
battle_so_nsubj stockbrokers 
battle_so_dobj traders 
denounce_so_nsubj Corporations 
denounce_so_dobj trading 
hired_so_nsubj Contel 
hired_so_dobj managers 
fighting_s_nsubj firms 
going_s_nsubj we 
raise_so_nsubj critics 
raise_so_dobj theme 
turning_o_dobj market 
go_s_nsubj they 
portray_so_nsubj traders 
portray_so_dobj pickers 
use_so_nsubj who 
use_so_dobj computers 
runs_so_nsubj that 
runs_so_dobj fund 
uses_so_nsubj that 
uses_so_dobj arbitrage 
is_s_nsubj nothing 
occurs_s_nsubj it 
place_so_nsubj traders 
place_so_dobj orders 
constitute_so_nsubj that 
constitute_so_dobj index 
sell_o_dobj them 
involve_so_nsubj which 
involve_so_dobj purchase 
occur_s_nsubj trades 
earns_so_nsubj trade 
earns_so_dobj profit 
seize_so_nsubj traders 
seize_so_dobj opportunity 
find_s_nsubj computers 
take_so_nsubj trades 
take_so_dobj place 
cause_s_nsubj they 
had_s_nsubj they 
halted_so_nsubj that 
halted_so_dobj trading 
taking_s_nsubj speculator 
says_s_nsubj she 
look_s_nsubj things 
Take_o_dobj managers 
manage_s_nsubj they 
losing_so_nsubj managers 
losing_so_dobj clients 
use_so_nsubj that 
use_so_dobj computers 
charge_so_nsubj indexers 
charge_so_dobj pennies 
see_so_nsubj specialists 
see_so_dobj step 
dislike_os_dobj that 
dislike_os_nsubj colleagues 
hit_s_nsubj programs 
scaring_so_nsubj swings 
scaring_so_dobj them 
falling_s_nsubj business 
earned_so_nsubj broker 
earned_so_dobj 71,309 
buy_so_nsubj who 
buy_so_dobj stocks 
own_s_nsubj they 
make_so_nsubj you 
make_so_dobj sweatshirts 
doing_so_nsubj traders 
doing_so_dobj % 
were_s_nsubj bloods 
came_s_nsubj Oct. 
trade_so_nsubj traders 
trade_so_dobj dollars 
getting_so_nsubj anti-programmers 
getting_so_dobj thunder 
says_s_nsubj that 
panic_s_nsubj You 
put_so_nsubj you 
put_so_dobj system 
targets_so_nsubj that 
targets_so_dobj trading 
enjoy_s_nsubj traders 
do_os_dobj that 
do_os_nsubj investors 
regarding_o_dobj futures 
protects_s_nsubj that 
prevents_so_nsubj rule 
prevents_so_dobj sale 
falling_s_nsubj stock 
slow_so_nsubj reinstatement 
slow_so_dobj activity 
contributed_s_nsubj White 
takes_so_nsubj it 
takes_so_dobj advantage 
trading_o_dobj widgets 
trade_so_nsubj markets 
trade_so_dobj them 
owns_so_nsubj who 
owns_so_dobj widget 
sell_so_nsubj someone 
sell_so_dobj it 
replace_o_dobj it 
performing_o_dobj service 
rise_s_nsubj stocks 
represents_so_nsubj That 
represents_so_dobj return 
contribute_s_nsubj fact 
surrounding_o_dobj issue 
arise_s_nsubj opportunities 
evolve_s_nsubj trading 
evoking_so_nsubj that 
evoking_so_dobj curses 
conclude_s_nsubj arguments 
Reducing_o_dobj volatility 
cause_so_nsubj Arbitrage 
cause_so_dobj volatility 
responds_s_nsubj it 
initiating_o_dobj buy 
sells_so_nsubj he 
sells_so_dobj futures 
transfers_so_nsubj Arbitrage 
transfers_so_dobj pressure 
increase_so_nsubj someone 
increase_so_dobj ownership 
trade_s_nsubj seller 
has_so_nsubj investor 
has_so_dobj ways 
have_so_nsubj he 
have_so_dobj alternatives 
surrounding_o_dobj trades 
occurs_s_nsubj Volatility 
Eliminate_o_dobj arbitrage 
Encouraging_o_dobj investing 
go_s_nsubj sellers 
concern_so_nsubj regulators 
concern_so_dobj themselves 
attract_so_nsubj market 
attract_so_dobj investor 
tolerate_s_nsubj he 
undergoing_so_nsubj conditions 
undergoing_so_dobj change 
decline_s_nsubj markets 
be_s_nsubj volatility 
sound_s_nsubj tax 
Getting_o_dobj field 
championing_o_dobj cause 
cater_s_nsubj who 
advise_so_nsubj They 
advise_so_dobj clients 
devouring_o_dobj clippings 
follows_s_nsubj he 
profit_s_nsubj company 
pay_os_dobj that 
pay_os_nsubj customers 
seeking_o_dobj ways 
Legislating_os_dobj inefficiencies 
Legislating_os_csubj Legislating 
prevent_so_nsubj arbitrage 
prevent_so_dobj him 
executes_so_nsubj firm 
executes_so_dobj trades 
affect_so_nsubj mechanism 
affect_so_dobj operations 
cut_so_nsubj Congress 
cut_so_dobj request 
began_s_nsubj which 
approved_so_nsubj Congress 
approved_so_dobj fee 
make_so_nsubj they 
make_so_dobj filings 
opposed_so_nsubj Democrats 
opposed_so_dobj measure 
exceed_o_dobj them 
go_s_nsubj $ 
apply_s_nsubj fees 
proposing_o_dobj mergers 
notify_so_nsubj parties 
notify_so_dobj regulators 
charges_so_nsubj government 
charges_so_dobj nothing 
do_so_nsubj you 
do_so_dobj that 
is_s_nsubj increase 
reducing_o_dobj amount 
go_s_nsubj money 
set_so_nsubj ISSUES 
set_so_dobj record 
attract_so_nsubj elections 
attract_so_dobj issues 
range_s_nsubj questions 
cites_so_nsubj McGuigan 
cites_so_dobj efforts 
Taking_o_dobj cue 
gains_so_nsubj COLLECTING 
gains_so_dobj stature 
sold_s_nsubj folio 
exceeding_so_nsubj works 
exceeding_so_dobj estimates 
reflect_so_nsubj prices 
reflect_so_dobj development 
see_s_nsubj I 
going_s_nsubj prints 
DIALING_os_dobj 900 
DIALING_os_csubj DIALING 
brings_soo_csubj DIALING 
brings_soo_iobj callers 
brings_soo_dobj number 
costs_soo_nsubj which 
costs_soo_iobj caller 
costs_soo_dobj $ 
is_s_nsubj that 
noting_o_dobj interest 
says_s_nsubj she 
eyeing_so_nsubj Colleges 
eyeing_so_dobj registration 
test_so_nsubj Charities 
test_so_dobj waters 
face_so_nsubj they 
face_so_dobj barriers 
break_so_nsubj that 
break_so_dobj market 
improving_so_nsubj PETS 
improving_so_dobj rates 
receive_so_nsubj who 
receive_so_dobj visitors 
offers_so_nsubj Schlemmer 
offers_so_dobj tree 
eliminates_so_nsubj that 
eliminates_so_dobj need 
follow_so_nsubj service 
follow_so_dobj protocols 
make_so_nsubj SERVICES 
make_so_dobj comeback 
returning_s_nsubj parents 
stresses_so_nsubj push 
stresses_so_dobj awareness 
spurned_so_nsubj that 
spurned_so_dobj service 
launched_so_nsubj Hollis 
launched_so_dobj service 
lives_s_nsubj she 
limited_so_nsubj shortages 
limited_so_dobj growth 
spurring_o_dobj move 
eliminate_so_nsubj that 
eliminate_so_dobj need 
bearing_o_dobj likeness 
complains_s_nsubj Egnuss 
heading_s_nsubj market 
blames_so_nsubj he 
blames_so_dobj trading 
cites_o_dobj troubles 
spook_so_nsubj kinds 
spook_so_dobj market 
's_s_nsubj virtue 
curbing_o_dobj it 
Citing_o_dobj crash 
threatened_s_nsubj they 
did_so_nsubj one 
did_so_dobj anything 
see_so_nsubj Anderson 
see_so_dobj point 
find_so_nsubj Those 
find_so_dobj way 
see_s_nsubj I 
dealing_s_nsubj them 
runs_so_nsubj who 
runs_so_dobj agency 
decries_so_nsubj Anthony 
decries_so_dobj trading 
limiting_o_dobj game 
denouncing_os_dobj it 
denouncing_os_csubj denouncing 
plays_so_nsubj who 
plays_so_dobj options 
says_s_nsubj he 
's_s_nsubj culprit 
Arbitraging_s_csubj Arbitraging 
hurt_so_nsubj volatility 
hurt_so_dobj fund 
defends_so_nsubj Enzor 
defends_so_dobj trading 
take_so_nsubj you 
take_so_dobj advantage 
do_os_dobj What 
do_os_nsubj investor 
going_s_nsubj Taccetta 
lost_s_nsubj he 
lost_so_nsubj he 
lost_so_dobj money 
weather_so_nsubj that 
weather_so_dobj storm 
took_so_nsubj Gorman 
took_so_dobj advantage 
losing_s_nsubj I 
sell_s_nsubj I 
controls_so_nsubj which 
controls_so_dobj Young 
receive_so_nsubj shareholders 
receive_so_dobj 3,500 
moving_o_dobj materials 
carry_os_dobj that 
carry_os_nsubj crystals 
appears_s_nsubj report 
marks_so_nsubj finding 
marks_so_dobj step 
carry_os_dobj that 
carry_os_nsubj crystals 
conduct_so_nsubj Superconductors 
conduct_so_dobj electricity 
promise_so_nsubj family 
promise_so_dobj technologies 
creates_so_nsubj that 
creates_so_dobj radioactivity 
breathed_so_nsubj scientists 
breathed_so_dobj sigh 
involves_so_nsubj problem 
involves_so_dobj motion 
limiting_o_dobj capacity 
introduced_s_nsubj team 
preventing_o_dobj them 
Determining_os_dobj that 
Determining_os_csubj Determining 
raise_so_nsubj processes 
raise_so_dobj capacity 
takes_so_nsubj appointment 
takes_so_dobj effect 
succeeds_so_nsubj He 
succeeds_so_dobj Taylor 
succeeded_so_nsubj Kane 
succeeded_so_dobj Taylor 
posted_so_nsubj Citadel 
posted_so_dobj loss 
include_so_nsubj results 
include_so_dobj write-downs 
had_so_nsubj which 
had_so_dobj impact 
included_so_nsubj Those 
included_so_dobj costs 
closed_s_nsubj shares 
is_s_nsubj million 
is_s_nsubj $ 
mature_so_nsubj They 
mature_so_dobj 1992-1999 
is_s_nsubj $ 
mature_s_nsubj They 
have_so_nsubj Bonds 
have_so_dobj coupon 
expect_so_nsubj underwriters 
expect_so_dobj rating 
indicating_o_dobj coupon 
carries_so_nsubj bond 
carries_so_dobj warrant 
afford_s_nsubj city 
sweeping_so_nsubj craze 
sweeping_so_dobj country 
thinking_s_nsubj Something 
scoffs_s_nsubj Baim 
create_o_dobj more 
agree_s_nsubj Voters 
rejected_so_nsubj voters 
rejected_so_dobj ballpark 
fielded_so_nsubj backers 
fielded_so_dobj interest 
spent_o_dobj 100,000 
rejected_oo_iobj it 
rejected_oo_dobj % 
built_so_nsubj who 
built_so_dobj Park 
endorse_so_nsubj Christopher 
endorse_so_dobj ballpark 
disagrees_s_nsubj Robbie 
prove_so_nsubj he 
prove_so_dobj it 
built_o_dobj coliseum 
see_s_nsubj He 
do_s_nsubj government 
benefits_s_nsubj who 
was_s_nsubj gain 
contributed_so_nsubj they 
contributed_so_dobj million 
fell_so_nsubj profit 
fell_so_dobj % 
rose_so_nsubj shares 
rose_so_dobj pence 
paying_so_nsubj Reed 
paying_so_dobj dividend 
fell_so_nsubj Sales 
fell_so_dobj % 
face_so_nsubj firms 
face_so_dobj prospect 
rising_s_nsubj Risks 
sent_so_nsubj downgrading 
sent_so_dobj shivers 
came_s_nsubj realization 
retain_so_nsubj firms 
retain_so_dobj ratings 
reduce_so_nsubj that 
reduce_so_dobj margins 
signal_o_dobj trouble 
says_s_nsubj Mahoney 
worries_soos_nsubj What 
worries_soos_iobj concerns 
worries_soos_dobj most 
worries_soos_csubj worries 
resulting_s_nsubj penchant 
face_o_dobj delays 
raised_so_nsubj which 
raised_so_dobj flag 
downgraded_so_nsubj it 
downgraded_so_dobj Boston 
commit_so_nsubj firms 
commit_so_dobj money 
's_s_nsubj less 
says_s_nsubj he 
acquires_so_nsubj group 
acquires_so_dobj company 
cited_so_nsubj Moody 
cited_so_dobj reliance 
made_os_dobj that 
made_os_nsubj Boston 
benefits_s_nsubj Boston 
followed_so_nsubj that 
followed_so_dobj crash 
competes_s_nsubj Drexel 
eliminated_sso_nsubj Drexel 
eliminated_sso_nsubj year 
eliminated_sso_dobj retail 
cutting_o_dobj workforce 
circulated_so_nsubj Drexel 
circulated_so_dobj statement 
created_so_nsubj that 
created_so_dobj Taurus 
retired_s_nsubj Veraldi 
produced_so_nsubj that 
produced_so_dobj cars 
sought_so_nsubj Veraldi 
sought_so_dobj involvement 
produced_so_nsubj that 
produced_so_dobj Thunderbird 
stretched_so_nsubj limits 
stretched_so_dobj notch 
understand_so_nsubj We 
understand_so_dobj compassion 
has_s_nsubj country 
took_so_nsubj women 
took_so_dobj diethylstilbestrol 
reported_so_nsubj scientists 
reported_so_dobj cases 
went_s_nsubj cases 
made_so_nsubj Courts 
made_so_dobj assumption 
created_o_dobj test 
has_so_nsubj This 
has_so_dobj logic 
tumbled_s_nsubj courts 
came_s_nsubj result 
expanded_so_nsubj court 
expanded_so_dobj approach 
are_s_nsubj issues 
goes_s_nsubj problem 
reversed_sso_nsubj Court 
reversed_sso_nsubj year 
reversed_sso_dobj direction 
rejected_so_nsubj court 
rejected_so_dobj liability 
citing_o_dobj costs 
reduce_o_dobj pain 
raises_so_nsubj This 
raises_so_dobj issue 
suffer_so_nsubj who 
suffer_so_dobj injuries 
's_s_nsubj evidence 
win_so_nsubj some 
win_so_dobj lottery 
get_so_nsubj others 
get_so_dobj less 
take_soo_nsubj lawyers 
take_soo_iobj cut 
take_soo_dobj way 
create_so_nsubj Congress 
create_so_dobj program 
replaced_so_nsubj that 
replaced_so_dobj lawsuits 
have_so_nsubj We 
have_so_dobj doubt 
completed_so_nsubj Partnership 
completed_so_dobj purchase 
operates_so_nsubj Caldor 
operates_so_dobj stores 
reported_so_nsubj it 
reported_so_dobj revenue 
runs_so_nsubj Stores 
runs_so_dobj stores 
had_so_nsubj DSM 
had_so_dobj guilders 
had_so_nsubj DSM 
had_so_dobj guilders 
refer_s_nsubj Cataracts 
came_s_nsubj man 
have_so_nsubj transfers 
have_so_dobj habit 
wrecking_o_dobj incentives 
had_so_nsubj World 
had_so_dobj habit 
earned_so_nsubj Elco 
earned_so_dobj $ 
fell_so_nsubj stock 
fell_so_dobj 1.125 
earned_so_nsubj company 
earned_so_dobj $ 
attributed_so_nsubj Truck 
attributed_so_dobj downturn 
edged_s_nsubj stocks 
gained_so_nsubj which 
gained_so_dobj points 
added_so_nsubj index 
added_so_dobj points 
fell_so_nsubj index 
fell_so_dobj points 
outnumbered_soo_nsubj issues 
outnumbered_soo_dobj issues 
outnumbered_soo_dobj 454 
sparked_so_nsubj Speculation 
sparked_so_dobj buying 
underlying_o_dobj shares 
said_s_nsubj traders 
remained_s_nsubj Institutions 
regarding_o_dobj rates 
gained_so_nsubj which 
gained_so_dobj points 
added_so_nsubj which 
added_so_dobj points 
regarding_o_dobj direction 
advanced_s_nsubj which 
declined_s_nsubj Group 
ended_s_nsubj It 
advanced_so_nsubj Oil 
advanced_so_dobj yen 
gained_so_nsubj Shell 
gained_so_dobj 20 
rose_so_nsubj Oil 
rose_so_dobj 50 
fell_so_nsubj Mining 
fell_so_dobj yen 
added_so_nsubj Mining 
added_so_dobj 15 
was_s_nsubj Shokubai 
advanced_so_nsubj Marubeni 
advanced_so_dobj 11 
affecting_o_dobj demand 
closed_s_nsubj index 
rose_s_nsubj It 
ended_s_nsubj index 
settled_s_nsubj index 
cited_so_nsubj They 
cited_so_dobj volatility 
gained_so_nsubj Jaguar 
gained_so_dobj pence 
shed_so_nsubj It 
shed_so_dobj pence 
eased_s_nsubj B.A.T 
gained_so_nsubj International 
gained_so_dobj 15 
included_so_nsubj Stocks 
included_so_dobj Communications 
climbed_so_nsubj which 
climbed_so_dobj 32 
notched_so_nsubj companies 
notched_so_dobj gains 
gained_so_nsubj Wellcome 
gained_so_dobj 18 
advanced_so_nsubj Glaxo 
advanced_so_dobj 23 
closed_s_nsubj prices 
closed_s_nsubj prices 
are_s_nsubj trends 
Hold_o_dobj Putty 
are_s_nsubj plans 
alleging_o_dobj violations 
filed_so_nsubj office 
filed_so_dobj felony 
stored_o_dobj materials 
expects_so_nsubj company 
expects_so_dobj vindication 
uses_so_nsubj It 
uses_so_dobj base 
affect_so_nsubj which 
affect_so_dobj life 
covering_o_dobj households 
anticipated_so_nsubj % 
anticipated_so_dobj purchase 
increased_s_nsubj plans 
care_s_nsubj market 
offered_so_nsubj IBM 
offered_so_dobj $ 
has_so_nsubj that 
has_so_dobj appeal 
has_o_dobj features 
ranked_so_nsubj managers 
ranked_so_dobj offering 
paid_so_nsubj investors 
paid_so_dobj attention 
provided_so_nsubj which 
provided_so_dobj view 
blurred_so_nsubj survey 
blurred_so_dobj picture 
reported_so_nsubj districts 
reported_so_dobj declines 
rose_s_nsubj index 
forecast_so_nsubj economists 
forecast_so_dobj rise 
create_o_dobj one 
raise_so_nsubj Treasury 
raise_so_dobj $ 
issue_so_nsubj Treasury 
issue_so_dobj $ 
increasing_o_dobj size 
has_so_nsubj Treasury 
has_so_dobj ability 
ended_s_nsubj bonds 
dominated_so_nsubj offering 
dominated_so_dobj activity 
measures_so_nsubj return 
measures_so_dobj changes 
trailed_so_nsubj bonds 
trailed_so_dobj group 
said_s_nsubj he 
ended_s_nsubj securities 
trailed_o_dobj gains 
finished_s_nsubj issue 
yielding_so_nsubj securities 
yielding_so_dobj % 
Bucking_o_dobj trend 
drew_so_nsubj issue 
drew_so_dobj interest 
said_s_nsubj they 
fell_so_nsubj bond 
fell_so_dobj 14/32 
fell_so_nsubj notes 
fell_so_dobj 9/32 
lowered_so_nsubj Corp. 
lowered_so_dobj rating 
noted_so_nsubj it 
noted_so_dobj loss 
rose_so_nsubj income 
rose_so_dobj % 
advanced_s_nsubj Net 
declined_s_nsubj revenue 
fell_so_nsubj earnings 
fell_so_dobj % 
includes_so_nsubj which 
includes_so_dobj operations 
posted_so_nsubj group 
posted_so_dobj earnings 
included_so_nsubj results 
included_so_dobj charge 
ordered_so_nsubj Department 
ordered_so_dobj investigation 
comment_s_nsubj officials 
has_so_nsubj which 
has_so_dobj branches 
had_so_nsubj Tyre 
had_so_dobj profit 
break_s_nsubj that 
lead_s_nsubj that 
cost_soo_nsubj plan 
cost_soo_iobj utilities 
cost_soo_dobj $ 
use_so_nsubj that 
use_so_dobj coal 
comes_s_nsubj proposal 
throws_o_dobj work 
has_so_nsubj Dingell 
has_so_dobj control 
lead_s_nsubj that 
junk_so_nsubj It 
junk_so_dobj system 
sparing_o_dobj customers 
insist_s_nsubj who 
win_so_nsubj it 
win_so_dobj support 
burn_o_dobj fuels 
representing_o_dobj some 
co-founded_so_nsubj who 
co-founded_so_dobj concern 
underwent_so_nsubj which 
underwent_so_dobj change 
acquired_so_nsubj Inc. 
acquired_so_dobj % 
has_o_dobj agreement 
rise_so_nsubj futures 
rise_so_dobj points 
routes_so_nsubj car 
routes_so_dobj trades 
scans_s_nsubj that 
resumes_s_nsubj trading 
takes_so_nsubj halt 
takes_so_dobj effect 
handles_so_nsubj SuperDot 
handles_so_dobj % 
sold_so_nsubj who 
sold_so_dobj one 
follow_so_nsubj investors 
follow_so_dobj strategy 
swapping_o_dobj stocks 
involving_o_dobj purchase 
employs_so_nsubj who 
employs_so_dobj techniques 
devise_so_nsubj breed 
devise_so_dobj hedging 
Buying_o_dobj baskets 
profit_s_nsubj Traders 
buy_so_nsubj arbitrager 
buy_so_dobj stocks 
sell_o_dobj futures 
mimics_so_nsubj that 
mimics_so_dobj Average 
give_soo_nsubj Options 
give_soo_iobj holders 
give_soo_dobj right 
are_s_nsubj options 
sought_so_nsubj Steinberg 
sought_so_dobj permission 
signal_so_nsubj application 
signal_so_dobj interest 
seek_so_nsubj that 
seek_so_dobj control 
sold_os_dobj which 
sold_os_nsubj they 
suggested_s_nsubj he 
replace_so_nsubj Steinberg 
replace_so_dobj PLC 
acquired_so_nsubj Reliance 
acquired_so_dobj stake 
reduced_o_dobj stake 
have_o_dobj reason 
adds_so_nsubj filing 
adds_so_dobj twist 
challenge_o_dobj decision 
came_s_nsubj announcement 
closed_s_nsubj shares 
elaborate_s_nsubj UAL 
confirmed_so_nsubj Reliance 
confirmed_so_dobj filing 
pay_so_nsubj Primerica 
pay_so_dobj shares 
pay_so_nsubj company 
pay_so_dobj share 
closed_s_nsubj shares 
closed_s_nsubj Primerica 
acquired_so_nsubj Primerica 
acquired_so_dobj assets 
assumed_o_dobj certain 
boosts_so_nsubj move 
boosts_so_dobj stake 
rose_so_nsubj shares 
rose_so_dobj cents 
owns_so_nsubj which 
owns_so_dobj million 
closed_s_nsubj shares 
provides_so_nsubj Telerate 
provides_so_dobj network 
publishes_so_nsubj Jones 
publishes_so_dobj Journal 
operates_o_dobj services 
reported_so_nsubj Corp. 
reported_so_dobj earnings 
added_s_nsubj he 
totaled_so_nsubj income 
totaled_so_dobj $ 
compares_s_nsubj That 
includes_so_nsubj period 
includes_so_dobj adjustment 
made_so_nsubj which 
made_so_dobj $ 
rose_so_nsubj Sales 
rose_so_dobj % 
cited_o_dobj showing 
soared_so_nsubj earnings 
soared_so_dobj % 
had_so_nsubj areas 
had_so_dobj revenue 
doubled_s_nsubj earnings 
sagged_so_nsubj earnings 
sagged_so_dobj % 
rolled_s_nsubj last 
took_so_nsubj company 
took_so_dobj hits 
posted_so_nsubj company 
posted_so_dobj net 
Excluding_o_dobj additions 
rose_so_nsubj Sales 
rose_so_dobj % 
specializes_s_nsubj which 
sells_s_nsubj package 
using_o_dobj microprocessor 
sells_s_nsubj computer 
using_o_dobj Intel 
use_os_dobj which 
use_os_nsubj models 
coming_s_nsubj prices 
soared_s_nsubj prices 
rose_s_nsubj contracts 
has_so_nsubj which 
has_so_dobj limits 
settled_s_nsubj delivery 
ended_s_nsubj contract 
rose_so_nsubj delivery 
rose_so_dobj limit 
began_s_nsubj which 
use_o_dobj gasoline 
indicates_so_nsubj news 
indicates_so_dobj shift 
said_s_nsubj Ganes 
goes_s_nsubj More 
noted_s_nsubj Ganes 
noted_s_nsubj Oxnard 
have_so_nsubj who 
have_so_dobj contacts 
get_o_dobj information 
confirm_so_nsubj one 
confirm_so_dobj it 
started_so_nsubj Brazil 
started_so_dobj program 
earn_s_nsubj it 
increased_so_nsubj oil 
increased_so_dobj cents 
rose_so_nsubj Intermediate 
rose_so_dobj cents 
showed_so_nsubj which 
showed_so_dobj decline 
closed_s_nsubj Prices 
supported_so_nsubj demand 
supported_so_dobj prices 
buys_so_nsubj which 
buys_so_dobj grains 
provide_so_nsubj designation 
provide_so_dobj terms 
purchase_so_nsubj Soviets 
purchase_so_dobj grain 
advanced_so_nsubj contract 
advanced_so_dobj cents 
Buying_s_nsubj Buying 
ignored_so_nsubj traders 
ignored_so_dobj reports 
agreed_s_nsubj workers 
includes_so_nsubj that 
includes_so_dobj increase 
continuing_o_dobj negotiations 
take_o_dobj steps 
seeking_so_nsubj Equitable 
seeking_so_dobj buyer 
announced_so_nsubj it 
announced_so_dobj intention 
operates_so_nsubj It 
operates_so_dobj stores 
pay_so_nsubj Equus 
pay_so_dobj cash 
offered_so_nsubj it 
offered_so_dobj 13.65 
gave_so_nsubj Equus 
gave_so_dobj reason 
has_so_nsubj which 
has_so_dobj responsibilities 
followed_so_nsubj appointment 
followed_so_dobj tenure 
rejected_so_nsubj He 
rejected_so_dobj reports 
serve_s_nsubj who 
rose_so_nsubj shares 
rose_so_dobj pence 
representing_so_nsubj each 
representing_so_dobj shares 
assume_so_nsubj who 
assume_so_dobj duties 
extended_so_nsubj Corp. 
extended_so_dobj offer 
reported_so_nsubj Corp. 
reported_so_dobj loss 
totaling_o_dobj $ 
described_os_dobj that 
described_os_nsubj he 
declined_so_nsubj Revenue 
declined_so_dobj % 
cited_so_nsubj Savin 
cited_so_dobj softening 
competes_s_nsubj Savin 
cited_so_nsubj company 
cited_so_dobj costs 
hampered_so_nsubj lack 
hampered_so_dobj bid 
drifted_s_nsubj Average 
added_so_nsubj Index 
added_so_dobj 0.84 
gained_so_nsubj Index 
gained_so_dobj 0.99 
went_so_nsubj Index 
went_so_dobj 0.60 
led_so_nsubj stocks 
led_so_dobj decliners 
amounted_s_nsubj volume 
stood_s_nsubj index 
firmed_s_nsubj prices 
jumped_so_nsubj Soup 
jumped_so_dobj 3/8 
boosted_so_nsubj Securities 
boosted_so_dobj rating 
included_so_nsubj takeover 
included_so_dobj Woolworth 
went_s_nsubj which 
advanced_so_nsubj Upjohn 
advanced_so_dobj 7/8 
specify_os_dobj which 
specify_os_nsubj it 
climbed_so_nsubj AMR 
climbed_so_dobj 3/4 
withdrew_so_nsubj Trump 
withdrew_so_dobj bid 
rose_so_nsubj UAL 
rose_so_dobj 1/2 
added_so_nsubj Gulf 
added_so_dobj 3/4 
own_s_nsubj it 
has_so_nsubj NL 
has_so_dobj stake 
surged_so_nsubj which 
surged_so_dobj 1/8 
dropped_so_nsubj Nekoosa 
dropped_so_dobj 3/8 
went_s_nsubj which 
lost_so_nsubj Georgia-Pacific 
lost_so_dobj 1/2 
rose_so_nsubj Mead 
rose_so_dobj 3/4 
added_so_nsubj Board 
added_so_dobj 1/2 
gained_so_nsubj Paper 
gained_so_dobj 1/2 
lost_so_nsubj International 
lost_so_dobj 3/8 
dropped_so_nsubj Louisiana-Pacific 
dropped_so_dobj 1/8 
rose_so_nsubj Texaco 
rose_so_dobj 3/4 
came_s_nsubj Most 
has_so_nsubj Texaco 
has_so_dobj yield 
dropped_so_nsubj Pacific 
dropped_so_dobj 1/8 
tumbled_so_nsubj GenCorp 
tumbled_so_dobj 2 
went_s_nsubj Allergan 
gained_so_nsubj Index 
gained_so_dobj 1.56 
totaled_so_nsubj Volume 
totaled_so_dobj shares 
rose_so_nsubj Warehouse 
rose_so_dobj 1 
rose_so_nsubj income 
rose_so_dobj % 
holds_so_nsubj Freeport-McMoRan 
holds_so_dobj % 
cited_so_nsubj Nissan 
cited_so_dobj sales 
surged_so_nsubj Profit 
surged_so_dobj % 
totaled_so_nsubj Sales 
totaled_so_dobj yen 
climbing_o_dobj % 
scheduled_so_nsubj Nissan 
scheduled_so_dobj payment 
caused_so_nsubj appreciation 
caused_so_dobj difficulties 
own_s_nsubj it 
owns_so_nsubj which 
owns_so_dobj % 
own_s_nsubj it 
plunged_so_nsubj POP 
plunged_so_dobj 4 
have_so_nsubj which 
have_so_dobj rate 
provides_so_nsubj Radio 
provides_so_dobj service 
simulates_so_nsubj which 
simulates_so_dobj radio 
owns_so_nsubj Heritage 
owns_so_dobj stations 
include_so_nsubj figures 
include_so_dobj loss 
makes_so_nsubj that 
makes_so_dobj bombs 
reflected_so_nsubj results 
reflected_so_dobj gain 
facing_o_dobj squeeze 
distributes_so_nsubj RMS 
distributes_so_dobj devices 
produces_o_dobj supplies 
rose_s_nsubj Sales 
reported_so_nsubj company 
reported_so_dobj loss 
rose_s_nsubj Sales 
represents_so_nsubj sale 
represents_so_dobj % 
operates_so_nsubj which 
operates_so_dobj number 
lent_so_nsubj family 
lent_so_dobj 500,000 
raised_so_nsubj PLC 
raised_so_dobj price 
identified_s_nsubjpass concern 
has_so_nsubj offer 
has_so_dobj acceptances 
raises_so_nsubj acquisition 
raises_so_dobj presence 
building_so_nsubj that 
building_so_dobj ships 
took_so_nsubj Savings 
took_so_dobj charge 
had_so_nsubj thrift 
had_so_dobj income 
added_so_nsubj Federal 
added_so_dobj $ 
assuming_o_dobj fluctuation 
has_so_nsubj thrift 
has_so_dobj assets 
has_so_nsubj which 
has_so_dobj banks 
announced_so_nsubj First 
announced_so_dobj agreement 
has_so_nsubj Financial 
has_so_dobj $ 
adopt_so_nsubj each 
adopt_so_dobj name 
filed_so_nsubj Inc. 
filed_so_dobj plan 
provides_so_nsubj that 
provides_so_dobj cents 
receive_so_nsubj creditors 
receive_so_dobj $ 
receive_so_nsubj they 
receive_so_dobj stock 
hit_so_nsubj stock 
hit_so_dobj high 
plunged_s_nsubj fortunes 
hit_so_nsubj sales 
hit_so_dobj $ 
ENDED_so_nsubj ORTEGA 
ENDED_so_dobj truce 
citing_o_dobj attacks 
suspended_so_nsubj president 
suspended_so_dobj cease-fire 
accused_o_dobj Bush 
promoting_o_dobj death 
condemned_so_nsubj spokesman 
condemned_so_dobj suspension 
fled_s_nsubj Thousands 
involving_o_dobj transplants 
oppose_so_nsubj anti-abortionists 
oppose_so_dobj research 
break_s_nsubj that 
lead_s_nsubj that 
approved_so_nsubj conferees 
approved_so_dobj portions 
relies_s_nsubj plan 
accused_so_nsubj Africa 
accused_so_dobj guerrillas 
violating_o_dobj plans 
assassinated_so_nsubj Gunmen 
assassinated_so_dobj employee 
took_so_nsubj Jihad 
took_so_dobj responsibility 
concluded_so_nsubj Nixon 
concluded_so_dobj days 
complained_s_nsubj rulers 
said_s_nsubj Salinas 
growing_s_nsubj economy 
impeding_os_dobj progress 
impeding_os_csubj impeding 
defeated_so_nsubj Bhutto 
defeated_so_dobj motion 
surviving_o_dobj vote 
unveiled_so_nsubj Bush 
unveiled_so_dobj package 
includes_so_nsubj plan 
includes_so_dobj commitment 
exploded_s_nsubj that 
killing_o_dobj people 
completed_so_nsubj Corp. 
completed_so_dobj offer 
paying_soo_nsubj Sony 
paying_soo_dobj 27 
paying_soo_dobj cash 
assuming_o_dobj $ 
is_s_nsubj effort 
earned_so_nsubj Xerox 
earned_so_dobj $ 
rose_s_nsubj Earnings 
was_s_nsubj that 
posted_so_nsubj Ltd. 
posted_so_dobj gain 
ended_o_dobj Sept.30 
earned_so_nsubj it 
earned_so_dobj yen 
rose_so_nsubj Sales 
rose_so_dobj % 
surged_so_nsubj income 
surged_so_dobj % 
rose_s_nsubj net 
pushed_so_nsubj demand 
pushed_so_dobj sales 
rose_s_nsubj sales 
grew_s_nsubj Demand 
edged_s_nsubj sales 
predicting_so_nsubj economists 
predicting_so_dobj recession 
coming_s_nsubj Fed 
rose_so_nsubj stock 
rose_so_dobj 3.375 
plans_so_nsubj Merc 
plans_so_dobj breaker 
received_so_nsubj Gulf 
received_so_dobj bid 
follows_so_nsubj which 
follows_so_dobj bid 
won_so_nsubj bill 
won_so_dobj approval 
boosts_so_nsubj which 
boosts_so_dobj wage 
sought_so_nsubj Steinberg 
sought_so_dobj clearance 
face_o_dobj fine 
developing_so_nsubj which 
developing_so_dobj supercomputer 
face_so_nsubj trucks 
face_so_dobj requirements 
delay_o_dobj auction 
rose_s_nsubj income 
built_so_nsubj who 
built_so_dobj thrift 
fault_so_nsubj investors 
fault_so_dobj style 
earns_so_nsubj he 
earns_so_dobj millions 
hit_so_nsubj stock 
hit_so_dobj 1/8 
has_so_nsubj Columbia 
has_so_dobj shares 
has_so_nsubj family 
has_so_dobj % 
do_o_dobj banking 
comment_s_nsubj Columbia 
sell_o_dobj bonds 
's_s_nsubj That 
reserved_o_dobj $ 
do_s_nsubj portfolio 
provide_so_nsubj Columbia 
provide_so_dobj data 
showed_so_nsubj holdings 
showed_so_dobj bonds 
offsetting_o_dobj that 
hopes_s_nsubj It 
holding_o_dobj some 
seeking_so_nsubj which 
seeking_so_dobj officer 
wants_so_nsubj that 
wants_so_dobj presence 
have_so_nsubj who 
have_so_dobj career 
use_o_dobj some 
contributed_s_nsubj Yoshihashi 
covers_so_nsubj patent 
covers_so_dobj materials 
conducting_o_dobj studies 
describes_so_nsubj patent 
describes_so_dobj protein-1 
induce_so_nsubj that 
induce_so_dobj formation 
received_so_nsubj nomination 
received_so_dobj blow 
gave_soo_nsubj Association 
gave_soo_iobj Thomas 
gave_soo_dobj rating 
vote_s_nsubj which 
add_so_nsubj Thomas 
add_so_dobj voice 
narrowed_so_nsubj that 
narrowed_so_dobj rights 
gives_so_nsubj ABA 
gives_so_dobj qualified 
gives_so_nsubj association 
gives_so_dobj rating 
had_so_nsubj Lentjes 
had_so_dobj sales 
has_o_dobj backlog 
comes_s_nsubj sale 
issued_so_nsubj Commission 
issued_so_dobj rulings 
defines_so_nsubj law 
defines_so_dobj prices 
assess_so_nsubj U.S. 
assess_so_dobj duties 
totaled_so_nsubj Imports 
totaled_so_dobj $ 
dismissed_so_nsubj ITC 
dismissed_so_dobj complaints 
totaled_so_nsubj imports 
totaled_so_dobj $ 
increase_soo_nsubj program 
increase_soo_iobj benefits 
increase_soo_dobj % 
offering_so_nsubj Upjohn 
offering_so_dobj bonus 
take_so_nsubj % 
take_so_dobj advantage 
leave_s_nsubj who 
trim_so_nsubj Upjohn 
trim_so_dobj 350 
rose_so_nsubj shares 
rose_so_dobj cents 
adopted_so_nsubj company 
adopted_so_dobj plan 
increases_so_nsubj He 
increases_so_dobj board 
begins_s_nsubj Frenzy 
gives_soo_nsubj Sternberg 
gives_soo_iobj us 
gives_soo_dobj example 
tells_so_nsubj he 
tells_so_dobj reader 
writing_s_nsubj I 
lead_sso_nsubj Bribe 
lead_sso_nsubj Sternberg 
lead_sso_dobj us 
traveled_s_nsubj Wedtech 
revolves_s_nsubj book 
discovered_so_nsubj Neuberger 
discovered_so_dobj program 
plugged_so_nsubj company 
plugged_so_dobj itself 
serving_o_dobj sentence 
began_so_nsubj company 
began_so_dobj career 
use_so_nsubj Wedtech 
use_so_dobj bribery 
made_so_nsubj It 
made_so_dobj use 
retaining_o_dobj firms 
sought_so_nsubj it 
sought_so_dobj assistance 
used_so_nsubj management 
used_so_dobj system 
received_so_nsubj you 
received_so_dobj cash 
found_soo_nsubj you 
found_soo_dobj yourself 
found_soo_dobj fate 
befell_so_nsubj that 
befell_so_dobj Mariotta 
show_so_nsubj None 
show_so_dobj ingenuity 
found_soo_nsubj Auditors 
found_soo_iobj crookery 
found_soo_dobj day 
wanted_so_nsubj who 
wanted_so_dobj houses 
wrestling_s_nsubj one 
changed_so_nsubj who 
changed_so_dobj name 
enters_so_nsubj He 
enters_so_dobj story 
gloss_s_nsubj authors 
took_so_nsubj scandal 
took_so_dobj place 
come_s_nsubj They 
leaving_o_dobj gold 
expressing_o_dobj surprise 
have_so_nsubj scandals 
have_so_dobj characteristics 
take_so_nsubj They 
take_so_dobj place 
provide_so_nsubj Frenzy 
provide_so_dobj clues 
are_s_nsubj groups 
redistributing_so_nsubj government 
redistributing_so_dobj wealth 
regulating_o_dobj commerce 
maintaining_o_dobj establishment 
have_so_nsubj they 
have_so_dobj wish 
exist_s_nsubj programs 
injecting_so_nsubj each 
injecting_so_dobj markkaa 
take_o_dobj stake 
holding_o_dobj contracts 
has_so_nsubj which 
has_so_dobj ships 
presented_so_nsubj Carnival 
presented_so_dobj claims 
began_s_nsubj proceedings 
provide_o_dobj capital 
discharge_so_nsubj which 
discharge_so_dobj debt 
moved_so_nsubj Care 
moved_so_dobj headquarters 
maintained_so_nsubj company 
maintained_so_dobj offices 
continues_s_nsubj Karns 
sputtered_s_nsubj sale 
closed_s_nsubj Care 
reported_so_nsubj Co. 
reported_so_dobj decline 
reflecting_o_dobj costs 
earned_so_nsubj company 
earned_so_dobj $ 
earned_so_nsubj Ralston 
earned_so_dobj $ 
included_so_nsubj results 
included_so_dobj gain 
makes_so_nsubj which 
makes_so_dobj cadmium 
attributed_so_nsubj Ralston 
attributed_so_dobj slump 
required_so_nsubj which 
required_so_dobj spending 
realized_so_nsubj division 
realized_so_dobj profit 
spent_o_dobj more 
closed_s_nsubj shares 
reported_so_nsubj Companies 
reported_so_dobj profit 
had_o_dobj change 
involving_o_dobj losses 
compares_so_nsubj difference 
compares_so_dobj profit 
causing_so_nsubj binge 
causing_so_dobj bottlenecks 
reaping_so_nsubj companies 
reaping_so_dobj windfall 
bought_so_nsubj Union 
bought_so_dobj bushels 
flows_s_nsubj much 
push_s_nsubj tows 
feeds_s_nsubj which 
cutting_so_nsubj Corps 
cutting_so_dobj flow 
feed_so_nsubj that 
feed_so_dobj it 
sank_s_nsubj rates 
drop_so_nsubj it 
drop_so_dobj feet 
hamstrung_so_nsubj levels 
hamstrung_so_dobj shipments 
use_so_nsubj processors 
use_so_dobj price 
slipped_so_nsubj price 
slipped_so_dobj cents 
have_so_nsubj they 
have_so_dobj more 
offering_soo_nsubj elevators 
offering_soo_iobj farmers 
offering_soo_dobj 2.15 
is_s_nsubj plenty 
relieve_so_nsubj Ports 
relieve_so_dobj pressure 
increasing_so_nsubj railroad 
increasing_so_dobj service 
increased_s_nsubj prices 
rose_s_nsubj Prices 
ended_s_nsubj oil 
advanced_so_nsubj Intermediate 
advanced_so_dobj cents 
continued_so_nsubj futures 
continued_so_dobj sell-off 
began_s_nsubj that 
fell_so_nsubj gold 
fell_so_dobj 3.20 
declined_so_nsubj silver 
declined_so_dobj cents 
have_so_nsubj which 
have_so_dobj more 
rose_s_nsubj stocks 
recovered_so_nsubj prices 
recovered_so_dobj declines 
rose_so_nsubj contract 
rose_so_dobj cents 
belong_s_nsubj which 
said_s_nsubj analyst 
included_so_nsubj Reasons 
included_so_dobj number 
noted_s_nsubj analyst 
said_s_nsubj he 
contributing_s_nsubj report 
noted_s_nsubj analyst 
precedes_so_nsubj which 
precedes_so_dobj report 
gives_o_dobj indication 
rose_s_nsubj Association 
indicates_so_nsubj reading 
indicates_so_dobj slowing 
raised_so_nsubj report 
raised_so_dobj possibility 
unveiled_so_nsubj Corp. 
unveiled_so_dobj models 
introduced_o_dobj software 
posted_so_nsubj Corp. 
posted_so_dobj drop 
earned_so_nsubj steelmaker 
earned_so_dobj $ 
includes_so_nsubj quarter 
includes_so_dobj gains 
had_so_nsubj USX 
had_so_dobj gain 
rose_so_nsubj Sales 
rose_so_dobj % 
riding_so_nsubj company 
riding_so_dobj boom 
fell_so_nsubj profit 
fell_so_dobj % 
eliminating_o_dobj income 
serving_o_dobj industry 
attributed_so_nsubj company 
attributed_so_dobj sales 
dropped_so_nsubj profit 
dropped_so_dobj % 
posted_so_nsubj which 
posted_so_dobj drop 
plummeted_so_nsubj profit 
plummeted_so_dobj % 
closed_s_nsubj shares 
reflect_so_nsubj rise 
reflect_so_dobj fact 
has_so_nsubj USX 
has_so_dobj $ 
jumped_so_nsubj Profit 
jumped_so_dobj % 
rose_so_nsubj Sales 
rose_so_dobj % 
represent_so_nsubj professors 
represent_so_dobj ends 
said_s_nsubj they 
covered_so_nsubj bill 
covered_so_dobj items 
was_s_nsubj discussion 
